thinking about a favorite book... what's urs?
and there are two secrets to success: 1) do not tell everything you know and 2)
3 things are certain. Death. Taxes. And 85 will always be open ! Ha
either can we
Slowly but for surely I&#39;ll b there.....
killa cam in the library oh my god omg
LAST THING THE HOMIE SAID TO ME WAS WE RISKTAKERS WE GET MONEY FAST AND WE GO ALL OUT<U+2755><U+2755> HE SAY YOU SEE IT GET IT <U+2755>
Using Cinco de Mayo as an excuse to drink margaritas now.
And this fantastic new season will be called Super Fall!
Doctors appointment Tomorrow, I FINALLY get my physical. Finally!
yes mam. Just do a quick research on them I'm sure more than just JeJu offers herbal peels
Q:YO THEM VINTAGE YELLOW OR JUST DIRTY? A:NAW, & TOOK A PISS ON EM!
There hasn't been a single minute this weekend that Tequila has not coursed through my veins.
Peyton Manning soon to be released. Never thought I'd see the day.
THE #TEAMDRG CYPHER ROSTER WILL BE ANNOUNCED AT 9:45 PM STAY TUNED
Had an amazing party last night! The hostess received over $100 in FREE product and has more coming to her! Do you want to book your own?
would lean one way or the other
The Kings are taking it to the Blues!!
Axelrod actually admitted that the Obama policies are meant to keep anyone from climbing the ladder of success as in getting wealthy
tornadoes in my hood in the "DF-dub"
There comes a time when you have to grow up!
That awkward moment when your calculator dies during WESTEST.
shut the hell up. god , imma slap disss women i swear
A slap of reality ... What a lovely feeling :/
Happy Birthday Lady! Hope you had an amazing day! Monica
Gahh that Raven Test started to make my head hurt after the like 25th question.
I might give it a go with Marcus' friend, he seems great.
Its the black 64
Thanks for the tweet!
No I love you more. i think i should take drama this year, aye? It would probably do me no good though cause it's my last.
Always do the things u fear most
"turn my headphones up." -things rappers say. Things moms never say.
Kids growing up need to take a class dedicated solely to creativity! It is so important to the development of humans!
Parlor Market. It was outstanding.
Definately one of the worst birthdays I've ever had.
you are my future ex girlfriend
yeah I think so!
Thank U, Julie! PrayersNeeded. :) Praying4 U & Urs too. Praise God 4 U, my PrayerWarriorPartner! {Hugs} :)
Somehow the rockers are in first place in the LOD in a rebuilding year. U desperately need two hitters though.
#YOLO. You only Love once, so don't forget to wear safety belts and a heart helmet when you do.
Will it be in stores?
In 3 Weeks it goes down at the MGM #MayweatherCotto can't wait. Finally 24/7 starts tonight too
turned it off with 7 minutes to go. my wife thought i was going to punch her.
ha I wouldn't expect anything less
Dreaming of you tonight <3
: hey Lan...good morning!
Wait, Denver has orange! And they drafted Tebow! RT I've followed Broncos. Time to pull 4 Cinci :)
The Orioles need to average 2 victories, per week, thru the rest of the season if they wanna reach 60 wins ...
She could probably drink most of the #tweetfleet ers under the table!
OMG that makes me happy!
The grind dont stop even after u make it to the top.
being on facebook just starting drama and mess you
Can my knee like... [completely] fall off? I mean, is that possible? lol.
"express yourself" comes to mind
idk i'll let you know(:
Hahhahahahahahahaha I'm such a bitch I pissed a bunch of guys on myyearbook they thought i seriously wanted to get with a guy, bahaha
what of we each had some kind of party and connected them through video conference? Not like everyone always...
Just did the "push against the doorframe with your arms" magic trick. Still feels really cool afterwards
you italian?
At the #SABEW fall workshop at #CUNY Grad School of Journalism. Right off the bat, Kenneth Rogoff talking why economists "got it wrong."
Had a blast earlier today at weekday morning lakefront soccer. We started in the rain, but then the sun came out. Great fun & exercise.
Im sad for anyone who gets sick. As far as child support.......I hope he is strong enough to be there for his kids.
I am definitely biased but I wouldn't make the switch until you have checked out our latest devices like the Galaxy S ll
It's a day late, but there is a page update this week! www.rocketrobinson.com
Just a few more days to get your Thors light tee for only 12 $ ! So come on down! www.tshirtcontest.com
LOVED IT
Dang why isn't my facebook app updating?
I see that Poetic Justice is a #tt ... that is my movie!
Went over to Salvatores pizza tonite. Pretty good! Pasta was pricey but want to try their pizza. Inside was way diff than gianellis!
OH MY GOD. i just had a heart attack. I LItterally threw my laptop across my bed!!!!!
I'm not a policeman, I'm a princess!!
Right back at 'cha! Have a wonderful day!!!
you'll be old one day! Stinky!
No unfortunately.
RT HULK WANT CAR RUN ON THORIUM LASER BUT NO THINK THOR GIVE UP HAMMER FOR FUEL. GET HAIRCUT HIPPIE!
My new neighbor owns a tattoo shop.
Now that's a lede.
had whitefish at Sable's earlier in the week. It was heavenly.
Leaving Brookwood High now! And it's nice and sunny outside!
I don't need to know theroms to see through your thinly veiled line of community college bullshit. Your high horse wants its dumbass back.
Texting people first <
babe dont delete yours!
Tonight's the night! Have a great time Emma and thanks again for using ShowClix :)
don't wanna be on my own
Nothing but 70's for the next 10 days??!! AH-mazing!
Thanks for the follow! :)
:)) thank you RT I love your avi
im so bored...
A yin and yang kind of day... Some great things mixed with some not so great things. If I was a soccer club, I'd still be awarded a point!!!
At Terry College in Athens today to talk to MBA students about marketing opportunities. Appreciate the invite and looking forward to it.
“: I really feel like I'm not good enough..”
you're a loser.
Thanks for the RT.
She's got that #inthebag “ i'm giving you tomorrow's theme now: "in your bag"”
Get off your phone an do work
Of the more than 11,000 lakes in #Minnesota, there are 201 Mud Lakes, 154 Long Lakes, and 123 Rice Lakes.
did i mention our environmental POWER MOVE ?! www.disruptivefood.com
Follow Me Please!? 41
You must do the thing you think you cannot do.
*nods* I recalled somewhere a comment about users always find ways to surprise the developer.
just said that
Fridays will be the place to be in Santa Monica!
Thanks but I'm gonna NOT get drunk on my #prom night.
So i try to text andrea wouldnt let me wtf
Mayweather beats Cotto... Kind of a disappointment, considering Mayweather is going jail this summer...
what is this i hear that you guys are taking the off the air starting next week? is this true?
#ILeftYouBecause you were a little bitch. Immature. Insecure. Crazy. Clingy. Ugly. Thought you were smarter than me. Waste of my time
RT “: Six tips for using celebrities in your "on site" Super Bowl marketing. W.celebrityacquisition.com
Thanks for the follow Saving my nickels and dimes for Sunday night. Hershey bar still costs 5 cents, right?
Success - If at first you don't succeed, try, try again. Then quit. There's no use being a damn fool about it.
When did "the fun" need to be brought *back* to snacking?
It's week ! This national country act will be kickin tunes on our stage! Get your tix now! www.hornygoatbeergear.com
Hey!;) Thanks for the follow!<U+E405>
#HumbleBrag RT : interesting fact about evolution: i am god
I'm trapped between smiling about my lazy day, and the guilt of not doing something productive. Anyone else know the feeling?
is to damn beautiful
we hope he continues to!
I WANT TO GO HOME.
Dam i shouldve brought my plane ticket to miami when they brought theirs
Rodrigo Lopez starting to get warmed up for the Cubs. Might take a while. It's only 40 degrees.
Today will be a shitty day.
Hey follow (Kansas City Urban Fashion Fest)
RFT (: “: I shdnt be a mom if ima have a swimming pool >xD”
Nice little afternoon at
Guessing every puzzle right on Wheel of Fortune. I'm just that
didn't last long enough to go on the memorial cruise, I hope?
RT : Today I'm reminded that life is short... I want to love big, give grace and be content in who I am in HIM! #fb//Amen!
welcome c:! thanks for the follow
it's an ass girl
RT : Hey want to have a haunted club crawl for Halloween? SYP: Yes yes and yes.
LOL I am so proud! He wants to be an engineer. Likes robots.
for dinner, the enchiladas were the bomb ..
tornado alley gets pretty boring in the middle - July to March - around here. I'd go space junk. Not as predictable.
Want to work with a band on the road any suggestions!!!!!!
Can't take my eyes off this #Masters. Best one ever!
#kids Mars Band on the Run 5K Run/Walk & Children's Fun Run: Mars Band on the Run 5K Run/Walk & Children's Fun Run from Saturday, May 19,...
WE'D FOLLOW YOU ANYWHERE! RT Hey thanks for the Follow!
real tears right now from laughing so hard. also hella pissed at myself for not coming up with that first
LOL. there's a market for everything. Tempted to do that just as a joke sometime...
point well taken.
Gorgeous Friday in #NOLA!
I could care less not fan of both, niners baby! Lol but it was swell, we all need to hang soon its must needed!
thanks for the RT!
Now I can relax and sleep with both eyes closed;)
Its not hard at all Lol you just tag the persons twitter name. You can't post tweets to someones page dumbahh
you know you churchy when everytime you answer the phone you say "God Bless You"
#YouKnowLifeisGreatWhen... you have fresh vision and greens for dinner.
Just learned that for third straight year, gave me 100% voting record on women's reproductive health and rights issues.
Happy Mother's Day.
Thank you for the follow!
heading to #brimfield in May! So excited!
no, unfortunately we don't carry the g series, it's too leet for us :) though they may have it online(?)
Just watched 's music video on MTV<333 it is AMAZING!<3333
6'4" dark haired men who are good with their hands.
just finished a run; the lungs didn't care for the humidity and the right calf is pretty pissed
one of their done followed me thanks for <U+2665> how about & ?
“: I just dropped $2,200+ in lenses. Tough.” Doing it right. Props buddy.
Offer extended! Still only $22 dollars for a Brazilian Bikini Wax at Viva Brazil ($45 value) Get yourself feeling refreshed!
Shrimp tacos were a big hit! Way better than last time.
In Chicago, we dye the river green for St. Patty's day. I wonder if they could do the same thing here with the parts of the Puget Sound.
yeah I edited in 7
The concern is that over-consumption turns into total immersion. It is impt to maintain time to interact and assist social dev.
deal!(; No I have an iPhone
me too what are you doing?
Haters can´t bring me down!!
my life is complete.
Yep. We're crossing our fingers for double-digit temp!
it's probably some kind of dermatitis related to allergies caused by all the wind. Maybe Calendula lotion? Good luck!
Of course I wait until the day the slides are due. No motivation.
Dining by Design and AD Show starts Thursday, be sure to get your tickets and check out table at Dining by design.
Unsigned hype mixtape gunna be serious!!
I see a new mayhem commercial in the making.
post draft meeting
imo Handling and torque fun for driving around. I can keep up with bf til about 115 then he looses me lol. For track not top
Listen to those who lead the field
NOO!!! No nutella!! WHAT AM I SUPPOSED TO EAT PANCAKES WITH!?
Who's gonna do it, you? You Lt. Weinberg? (last one from me .. This could go on for days)
Homemade Mac-n-Cheese.
Busy summer of school
i am literally still obsessed with that show
Oh crap oh crap oh crap
O.O ... TOO.MUCH.ELEMENTS!
I can't believe how nice it is outside!
howd u do today?
yes every Monday they're on the site
Become the kind of leader that people would follow voluntarily; even if you had no title or position
Awesome! Keep up the good work.. RT : A customer asked "Where do you get all the nice people that work here?"
LOL this account is dead.
<U+2661>RT : Success is not for the chosen few but rather for the few who choose it.
why? Just delete it and it will be fine! X
What what?!
#WordsYouWillNeverHearMeSay i really like your camo pants, camo shirt, camo shoes, camo jacket, and camo backpack. that's really cute.
Looking forward to a great invite tonight! MOCA presents Conversations and Cocktails at #Bbar #BetsyHotel. Should be a fabulous evening!
Dont know what that negative energy was, well the positive is coming in now that thats out of my way!
Lost my faith in boxing. Pac lost dat fight straight up. Fuck boxing! !!!!!!
Orioles To Name Dan Duquette GM
I'm still up
Today's office disruptions (so far): chainsaws, no heat and a parking lot filled with dumpsters. No, not distracting at all.
Club Cinema is back
Ciroc Peach is great mix with V8 Splash fruit drink
How was your #TRX class? Are you sore yet?
You actually ate 2 jumbo slices one time!
RT : I Don't Bash Homosexuals. I Just Don't Agree With It.
Everyone has at least One friend on Facebook that will do anything in a photo just to get heaps of likes.
Lookin so RockStar right now!! Just finished Hair and Makeup for my Vampire shoot!!! Crazy Cool!!!
hoping to encourage eating of arugula by daughter by referring to it as "wild italian green, called rocket". plus goat sausage and spuds
happy bday my dude. Its been forever
My blood is boiling! This friend- a tea party member- just sent email about Harvey Milk being a pedo. About to end a 33 yr friendship.
ive been pretty good. Hows Paris? :-)
I should have known!
forreeaalll?! I just showed him your picture yesterday and he was pointing and talking to it! Haha
SQUIRT PRINTS
next time. i promise i will sing to you(:
Just had a super fun shoot with for You are gonna love this. Stay tuned.
Who wants to play some #Battlefield3 ? Xbox of course! Friend me if im not online, itd be cool to get a squad goin. NEO NINJA94
know what else is my favorite? MIDDLE SEAT. BACK OF PLANE. TURBULENCE. Good stuff.
love it :D
What was your topic(s)?
What a day!! TOO MUCH TO DO!! So LITTLE Time! I Need a Personal Assistant quite bad!!
Whatsup haha it's seems like its been forever
So, NEVER PITCH TO HAMILTON AGAIN.
Ninth Suggestion, Life is so short and we never know what is in store for us. So always be prepared so that you won't have any regrets.
That says a lot since you live with ...
We filled his pickup so much he yelled "Dang, they might not even let ME in with that much!" We laughed. As we drove away
Agree. This article reflects WELL on Obama. Most in BOS-DC corridor think opposite but rest of USA likes that O isn't insider
How I hate to peel eggs. No shortcuts - peeled 48 today!
Omg The video was great I Loved it (:
yes with surgery
we own the board... Money
fuck you. Happy nigga old man
“: Beer drinkers - Domestic, Craft, or Import?” depends who's buying
. can't wait to see you tmrw. says we're very lucky.
you at your moms still bro?
so i guess ill be heading to #gwawards representing -- hat and all. :)
I know the feeling. Awful.
This gorgeous girl was being a huge cunt at the store to the cashier. Why did this make me want to get her digits? Must be brainwashed.
I often find it interesting how liberals believe giving individuals/groups a title makes them some more then they are.,)
OMG just let Justin come out already.! -,-
I like that one! "Be nice to archivists, they can erase you from history."
Girls Who Treat Their Man Like A King Are Cool
: Number of Ping #RSAC party attendees exceeded upper bound expectation by 150%, tequila consumption by 180% > and turned em away
julesrlavin Are you one of her followers?
Stuck in NYC. Misses my flight. Nothing going out tonight. Headed back to the city. FML
Yeah it does kind of feel like summa
Interesting that my 'blocked' list is longer than my 'follower' list. Am I too picky about the type of crap I have to read? I hope so.
"Why does water have an expiration date? I mean you don't take a drink of water and spit it out and say 'Ew, it's stale!'"
I have one more final from 10:00-12:00 and then I am done with my junior year of college.
I love you so much! Look for my poster that says Long Live the Swifties it is neon and has lights on it!
It's the man-show on KUSI today. Poor Alexis broke her hand so it's David Davis and I kickin' it.
rabble, rabble, rabble, rabble, rabble....
Make plans to join us on November 6th at the Marquis Theater downtown with Warner Drive!
wait... there is an "off-season"?
good advice although not all interview subjects are suited to an ECU.
I don't think I've ever disliked you as much as I do right now. I'm just starting my finals.
You got blocked for that, MOB? Damn LOL.
got the skunk hair back! :D
I thought Mississippi to Africa was going 2 be my summer read. I couldn't put it down. Only took 7 days to read. Great Work!
Camos Brothers Pizza is NO longer associated with Fuhgeddaboudit Pizza in Cary or Fuhgeddaboudit Pizza LLC
RT Louisiana House Ed committee begins debate on anti-bullying bill.
Attention beloved customers, we take grocery bags at either of our locations! Paper, plastic, we also will take newspaper off your hands!
I hate having to wait for my iphone. But I'm SO BEYOND grateful for my family that loves me and the gifts I got(:
are you still in columbus?
So, this fella can drive a racecar
Full day planned at #acte11 today. Several time slots with 2 presentations that I would like to see.
I can't call it
Our thoughts exactly. RT :
your right....
Twitter, where the indirect thrive because they're too afraid to be direct . & This can be directed to anyone who is in that direction .
I think I'll wear my red sweater today....it's 30, and they say there's more 'weather' on it's way! I hope that groundhog got it right.
Waka flocka got alot of balls dissin on tupac " he said he hated the hologram & he has no swag" ! This nigga is nuts
#ListOfTurnOns YOUR FACE
Last night I had a scarily realistic dream that guested on Colbert Report, baby in tow. Sounded great; Stephen was a fan.
would be great to see you too!
okay, haha. Yoy can stay maybe Monday night lol.
I watch Jennifers body just to see Megan Fox. I'm not a lesbian I swear.
hope you're ok, just read that you were going to the hospital. Get better or if you're going to see someone hope it's ok (:
If one were to google to definition of "disaster" you would find my sleep schedule.
yup when are we going to the zoo?
- Message Me It On Facebook Then , Lol .
The pussy is waiting in the bed....my cat sleeps at my siide
Mr. Henry Fuchs challenges all shopping malls to meet or beat his $1,000 Pledge! Thank you so much!
If the boss doesn't open a new one, & Paul doesn't want it, sure! And if Paul does want it I'LL POST A LINK. I promise!
Happy Social Media Day!
Today I am staffing the / Coty event in Bel Air. Very glam! :)
#BestPickUpLines "Shut up and let me protect you!"
Going to get my I.D.
I love the feel of too much coffee in the morning. It's the sensation of victory! (and shaking palms...)
Turf Toe was an evil invention by someone to ruin a persons foot for life...
I hope the surgery goes well and that she recovers quickly!
i feel loved
REALLY trying to resist the free fries today.
Instructional Design info--->
Isaza: Courts are looking to see that you are following your policy.
analyze the situation, understand the situation, address the situation or CUT the situation! ;) know ur worth hun
Its to early for work.. Why do I have to be opening manager? I wanna be late!!
still waiting for the necessary parties to be out of meetings. not doing much for my c-c-c-courage.
"polar bears enjoy heavy dubstep beats while eating eskimo b******
Fashion condemns us to many follies; the greatest is to make oneself its slave. - Napoleon Bonaparte
I'm getting that creative itch. Can anyone relate?
Waking up from a nap and thinking it's the next day
Just hanging out listening to music :D
ugh ugh ugh wtf
im gonna live my life no matter what we party tonight PARTY TIME IN A FEW HOURS (:
Well now you're just chastising me. RT I will. Just for you.
you and your sister are so talented!! Keep dancing; you both are going to go far :) I hope I get to meet you one day!!
Either I've turned into or 100 words is way less than it sounds like!
Driving 25 MPH in the center lane of the freeway...really? No, really?
spreading it out! We want press throughout post!
Seriously. I thought were DEAD! Those "shoes" suck people!
Who went to the midnight premiere of "The Hunger Games" last night? Did you enjoy it?
Duke gets another top recruit - vomit
Getting ready for photoshoot for some doctors in CLT
ok. that's enough. Those of us on campaign budgets occasionally are forced to get mcdonalds and don't need this.
Wouldn't West Virginia be a good fit for B1G? As a Buckeye I would love to see that as a great new rivalry.
how are you?
great! focusing on both haha. about two more months and I'm done with my 16th film : D
Will do. We can always use a big brother to run the creepy boys off.
yea so i kno its kinda late but i just watched Devil movie dude it was absolutely trash lol mad i wasted my time
"Priesthood is not about responding, it's about initiating." --my Bishop today in our combined 3rd hr lesson
haha I did it fine. You'll be okay
Albon: Civil society must take the first step- govts generally don't reach out first.
Mr Davis is killing me with these reading guides!
If you can pronounce the place you work
okay will the real grown-ups step up? washington is more than broken its in shambles.
just finished 2.5 pages on my sisters 6 page essay.. #imtired <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009E> goodnight!
oh okaay thanks:) you should watch it, its so good!
Are you selling?
How big of an ICONiac are you? (:
"drink him a one small twitter drink." -
#Salute always loved your music we need you back!!!
figures. How well do Android apps run on it?
And now back to sleep.
Ha! We're glad!
i like my beat fast, & my base down low. (;
HEYHEYHEY! I love you too (:
Watchin total black out.
you put a "R" in Team....and we made eye contact for like 5 minutes lol
Just finished working with -such a beautiful, accomplished, and inspiring woman! <U+2665>
dam its cold
Just walked around Berlin. Sitting on the bus watching tv waiting for load-in
PasoFino will be at Alexandria tonight!!!! Sasha and Christine just made it to Miami... It will be a good night!
Good morning sir. Always a pleasure to see you.
In other words, Ron Burgundy was the balls. My Saturday double feature concludes with Anchorman.
Rested for 8 hours in Skyrim, then woke up to discover it's snowing. IRL.
I just earned the Mobile Streaker badge on #Yelp!
So true. So sad. "As we get older, we get less creative bc we lose that social context." —
"After all these years.. I finally see what's real, Love turned into Hate & Hate turned into Fear" -#ImOnTop & I like the view from here!!!
Fortune favors the brave – Virgil.
Many states have fewer resources for K12 than MN and are holding both #K12 and #highered accountable for college readiness.
And I want the Nook Color :)
welcome back! Hope the conference w/ was a good one - prepared for another great annual fund year!
Pray they miss! Our '95 tourney team faced same problem w/Ray Allen,Kevin Ollie UConn team. Not a good fellin...
Congrats Austin it took 1 hour and thirty minutes to sell out :)
you ladies make my heart smile <3 friends are a blessing
thank u #McCurdian I too love Jenn, I love she because iCarly, she's only awesome:]
SHI International Corp. Posts Record First Quarter
I guess just being in school made it bad.
ive been voting for the past hour and yall still havent followed me...yall dont even see my tweets #cryinginthebathroom :'(
I'm traveling to Seattle over labor Day Weekend for
GenX party at the Spacehog concert
There's a stinkbug stuck in a spider web right outside my window. It's like national geographic live!
Going on stage! Can't wait!!!!
The military was doing prostitutes as well, which someone should have figure out when they were charged 200 million for a hand job
A hearse just drove by me on campus...
google crazy browser. Its a real thing.
Thank you! Hopefully it will be enough for potential PhD programs; do not want to take it again
I dig it!
YAY Jeremy!! Great finale to a great season of The Biggest Loser! Such an inspirational show!
Merkel & Sarkozy sleeping at the same hotel tonight prior to the big Summit Sunday - could be they'll talk privately. Could prevent a war?
flip flop no feet, handicap but eat meat... looking at u make me go awww naww lol
I CAN'T WAIT EITHER (:
agreed, We should plan something for this Friday.
don't hate lol <U+270B>at the end of the season we'll see who's holding up the trophy ..
ok somebody talk :/
i honestly believe that people think i'm crazy because i talk to myself wherever i go but that just means i'm cool ya know
In Feb '85, Foreigner top the charts in the US and UK with the single "I Want To Know What Love Is".
If Justin bieber came to my door telling me he brought me Proactive I'd probably punch him in the face.
I just recently got this cupcake obsession. M.. Having a cupcake shop sounds like fun.
#3WordsForYou Follow me please
i just dm'd him to follow you. thanks!
At the mall cuz I have nothing better to do
Thanks for the retweet! Hope to see you there! :)
That's the best revenge of all; happiness. Nothing drives people crazier then seeing someone have a good fucking life
I gotcha
Bahahaha zombie jesus, I would watch out for lightning all day.
I'm wearing a hat because my hair looks so bad right now. haha
ANYTHING SHE CAN DO I CAN DO IT BETTER!!!
RETWEETS are always deeply appreciated.
Today, March 1st is World Compliment Day... Smoky Jon's #1 BBQ has the best fans ever!
Living in the past positions you to be PASSED over. You can bet if it worked 15 years ago it likely won't work today - embrace change!
Stop by Diva tonight for the game!!8:30p (Paraguay vs Venesuella)
I'm doing great, Lauren! When I'm not having #awkward experiences like today ... LOL
I'm so tired, but I can't sleep.
Ramapo plans jobs website to link local employers, seekers
Just saw a cop driving in my neighborhood
people have staring problems at the gym ..
when the ladies were fighting and the opera singing was hilarious! Last night was funniest by far!
Weneva he want he can hit it!!!
Giants sign Bumgarner to five-year extension
Power outage in Franklin Park.
nickulrey: Guys leave girls for one of three reasons 1. They're too easy. 2. They cheated. 3. They're clingy and annoying.
excuse me ''Hm''
Second night in a row I've packed my bags then been told I can't go..
I'm so glad!
ughh..frustrated. who do these people think they are!
Saw a billboard off of 465 for the #Indy500...CAN'T WAIT! still owes me an autograph. Maybe this year?
just in time for the SB after a great tennis match against my hot new neighbor
...as intrigued as I am, that hint was about as subtle as a banana cream pie to the kisser.
aye bruh...knock that bitch ass niggas nose off!
Welcome to Twitter!
Checking out the tulip festival today. Looking forward to all the colors and smells.
So all of that excitement and we barely got an inch of snow, which is mostly melted. Go figure! Have a great weekend!
are you gon' be at JV Champs ?
I see you get excited about scoring titles, us Laker fans get excited about world titles. Lol
#HappyMothersDay Mother Earth
": I guess I'll look good in grey and blue #fuckingorioles" - Everyone looks better in the pinstripes
are you working on a new movie ?
for the record...I love following you on Twitter.
me too it's the worse!!
": #Cancer's can be extremely manipulative in getting their own way."yea true at least for me lol
Damn! Better hurry up and see it!! :D
Learn from 2nites game & make the necessary adjustments 4 the rematch on Monday.
I can accept failure, everyone fails at something. But I can<U+0092>t accept not trying. Michael Jordan”
the freecember concert?? haha i was there since 1Am!
RT I'm a life coach for urban professionals Coaching career development including goal setting & networking
Ok can't keep my eyes open night night <U+E418>
Yessir. May 10th will be my first day back in the lab
St Paul farmers market, Black Dog cafe, art, life is good.
You shooting the rap video? I'm in.
Good morning #Philly hope everyone still has a great day in spite of the rain!
ME TOO!
Be careful with your words. Once they are said, they can be only forgiven, Not forgotten
I don't even know who this person is
Pshh modest people
Had a wonderful dream with John Coltrane's "RESOLUTION" playing in the back ground. Woke up after eating fried chicken with ELVIN JONES
phone customer wanted to know what year Nebraska and Iowa were admitted to the union.
hope everyone had a good day...
Shout Out My GIRL>>>
haha back on the tweet game
If lil Wayne didn't say my name in a song I would still hate my name I bet!
oh really :)
You know I'll take you to another world
Bitch I'm, bitch I'm From Cleveland.
Good morning
I want chips ahoy cookies.
o.O o rly
completely forgot it was cinco de mayo yesterday. lol
Team pulled off a win tonight! Let's c if the Brew Crew can do it to! #Brewers #
Touching, beautiful song. "Really going to miss you."
now i could've either just sat on my ass and pissed and moaned... (its get tweet limit :/ )
hello brother!
fans still feel good about the upcoming season.
sorta my friend is hooking it up with a fulltime job though so I don't have to wash cars anymore hopefully lol
I CAN trust you as far as I can throw you. Which is why I had sex with a frisbee instead of the fat girl..
you are i didnt know i try to come visit :)
digging a huge hole in the ground and getting payed $60.i lot of work but it is worth every penny of it
We are what we repeatedly do. Excellence, therefore, is not an act but a habit. -- Aristotle
SO glad to have an iPhone again
Job interview tomorrow. Goodbye, poverty!
i like it
Haha no not yet. Maybe one day though!
Sigh: still sad. Love oklahoma football. Sad sad weekend for both teams. Excited for bedlam, but this will be a long week
How come blog posts on creating an editorial calendar so often come down to a glorified, prettied up excel spreadsheet?
Ah insomnia needs to go away so I can sleep
Yes the News say no more snow...
Cheers, brother! Thanks for the kind words!
Our cheering station is hopping! Snacks, cookies from and lots of supporters like the wonderful
there are 4: Peyton Manning, Takeo Spikes, Keith Brooking, and the best, Charles Woodson (heisman)
As a fan, I'd love to see Tiger win at Augusta. We all hope his people are listening to his body. The problem lies beneath the symptom.
Yes they were mine, and thank you! :D
Time is flying by but not fast enough
Home now. Guitar to be played.
Oh i know! so whens your first exam ??
Studying my Script, we start Shooting Early Saturday Morning. Much Respect to TnG Films Director Terence Gordon.
will be flashing some goods to Beer-Con attendants at Tap Haven. Register now!
On another note, why does Biscuit take a ginormous poop right in front me and our neighbor while we're saying hello?
Awww Muy Bonita! You gals are amazing :D My twin sis & I admire you both.
My day to Nathan is almost over. Exausted now, gonna go to sleep. To wake up to Nathan. <3 :) he weres me out. xD
These next few days are gonna be busy busy busy!
Jenna Marbles <3 :)
go to too much yea im icy on youtube
Cowboys need gruden
sounds like a fun/heathy night! :)
Kevin, Thanks for following.
Order for Thanksgiving by 11/22, Tuesday, for 11/23 pickup!! Appalachian Granny's desserts made on-site at Acme!! Call 614-732-2803
Almost didn't publish it. But what the hell. Hoist with his own petard, etc.
I guess she sleep now
The new 1%: people who use IE6.
21 jump street is the phone
Keep turning the pages the best is yet to come in Jesus name amen.
Amazing that iCloud can't pull in events from Google Calendar.
RIGHT? like if these are all covers it will be ridiculous. omg.
Went thru some bullshit this morning. Can't wait til I leave for CT...
I'm really starting to think every man I attract is a UK hater. SMH.
I knoww I am(: ha are you at schooll
Happy Birthday ! Caw!
I'm so happy the rain stooped. Happy 4th of July everyone.
Dear Lexi, YOUR A WASHINGTON ICONIAC & WE SHALL FIND BAILEY TOGETHER(; iloveyou.shhh. STAY GRAND BBY! Love, Tatsiana
You don't think it is? Judging by that show for his announcement I figured that was a given.
boom...happy wife and kid...time to order the next set of Mods!
"We really don't know anything," Matheny said. "The things he's been tested on already, there haven't been any open flags."
The law's passing "is the beginning of the process and not the end," says Satish Kini, co-chair of the banking group at law firm Debevoise & Plimpton LLP. "The shape of the reform won't be known until the regulators have spoken."
The film opened in Plano, Texas -- an upscale suburb of Dallas -- and did great business there, too. Falk says for the first week in Jacksonville, Fla., "we did double anything else we did that week.'' Even in Utah, where there was a brief flap when one Salt Lake City exhibitor pulled the movie, "Brokeback'' is doing very well.
"If I gave you the number of Michigan IP addresses that are on some of these sites, it's staggering," Mayberry said.
2009 Rock Wall Stagecoach Vineyard Napa Valley Zinfandel ($40, 15.8%): Kent Rosenblum and daughter Shauna certainly know the style their partisans love. Here they've tapped the rocky Stagecoach site for a no-holds-barred expression. Intense, lusty cinnamon wood notes, with blackberry jam and a sweet licorice tone. Not subtle, but rewarding. As one taster put it, "This is the wine that will make you do something stupid." Hope not.
"And coming to get us all out of the bar. You know -- 'C'mon, boys, time to record!' "
Others are Joint Base McGuire Dix in Lakehurst, Fort Devens in Massachusetts. Only the fourth, Fort Meade in Maryland, is open to the public.
"The Democratic Party of Japan-led government lacks a coherent strategy to address these negative aspects of the country's debt dynamics, in part due to the coalition having lost its majority in the upper house of parliament last summer," S&P said in a statement.
For the year, sales totaled only 4.26 million. While that's up from 4.19 million the previous year, it's below the 6 million that economists equate with healthy housing markets.
Rivera finished his call and headed to Belmont Shore in Long Beach to see some other customers. Back in his car, he heard the radio news. He checked to see what time he had made that call outside Salon Meritage: 1:17 p.m. Police got their first call at 1:21 p.m.
The Democrat confirmed Thursday that he will roll out his plan on the heels of another major budget-relief announcement on Medicaid health programs. He wouldn't comment on what the pension announcement includes.
Inside, he found a picture of his 1995 Chevy Lumina coasting onto Raymond Boulevard beneath the glow of a red traffic signal and a ticket for $85. He said he didn’t notice the "No Right on Red" sign leading to the intersection.
CARTAGENA, Colombia — President Obama sought Saturday to emphasize the robust economic relationship between the United States and Latin America, and he flatly ruled out legalizing drugs as a way to combat the illegal trafficking that has ravaged the region.
When the Office of Special Counsel determined that Bush White House officials had violated the act, no one was punished. The report came earlier this year. All of the staff members involved were long since out of office.
Part of the discussion involves potentially moving the concert to earlier in the year, when a wider array of touring acts might be available, said Johnson, who is responsible for overseeing events at the Amway Center, Citrus Bowl and Bob Carr Performing Arts Centre.
Wiklund was particularly struck by one woman in the town they where they visited who proudly showed off a kitchen that would seem primitive here in America.
By David R. Francis
Wolff sees no reason why spinning couldn't be applied to continuing education for other disciplines, such as medicine. But he has no plans to expand to other forms of exercise.
The federal suit wants to keep Arizona from enforcing the law and asks the court to find certain sections of the legislation null and void.
Only "The King" has hit that whopping number.
Cryan had a meeting Monday afternoon with three fellow Assembly Democrats — John McKeon (D-Essex), Valerie Vainieri Huttle (D-Bergen) and Jason O’Donnell (D-Hudson) — to discuss his possible run, according to two Democrats with knowledge of the meeting. Cryan declined to comment, while the others either would not comment or did not return calls. The sources wished to remain anonymous because of the fluid and sensitive nature of the situation.
The complaint came one day after two other animal rights groups filed an appeal to stop the six-day hunt. Doris Lin, an attorney for the animal rights groups, said Wednesday the state’s justification for the hunt — previously held in 2003 and 2005 — was based on faulty scientific evidence. "I’m very confident that the policy is flawed," she said.
“Certain groups lose the cardioprotective effect of alcohol when drinking in a binge pattern,” Annie Britton, an epidemiologist at University College London, who wrote an accompanying editorial, said in a telephone interview yesterday.
the 99 average he had compiled from 1989 to 1995.
Penny stock frauds often ensnare unsophisticated investors who may not have the time, money or inclination to pursue prosecution once the fraud has run its course.
Yet, he added that “it’s incredibly important that we systematically monitor these programs for opportunistic gaming of the system.”
Presley leaves team due to kidney stones
Police said they confiscated some alcohol, but thousands of people openly drank beer on the streets, or found other ways to bring it in. One man had an IV bag hanging from a stick, and he and his friends drank from the plastic tube. The liquid was not labeled, but it was amber and sudsy.
808 Parkfield Terrace, $137,500
Thomas seemed to fit in fine in his first practice, McMillan said, and he was familiar with what the Blazers run, if not the names of their sets.
Columbine 12 7 18 20 — 57
About halfway down, a young boy left his family to approach me. Slightly out of breath, he asked, "How much farther is it?" "You're almost halfway," I replied.
The parents of Trayvon Martin greeted the filing of second-degree murder charges against the man who shot and killed their son with tears of thanks and a call to continue fighting for justice.
Police were still searching for the suspected shooter tonight. He is described as an African-American male in his mid-20s with a dark complexion, stocky build, short haircut and a scruffy, full beard. He is between 5 feet 11 inches and 6 feet 2 inches, police said.
For years, Larry Klobertanz joked he was the royal purse holder. But in the realm, he is officially known now as Sir Larry.
A below-grade roadway to replace the viaduct had been considered before by CDOT but was shelved amid concerns about groundwater contamination and cost, Hunt said. Planners decided to revisit the idea earlier this year, he said.
The King of Beers is now sort of the Duke of Beers, its U.S. sales ranking behind Bud Light and Coors Light. This is hard to understand except as evidence of the abject failure of American public education.
The remains of a Japanese mini-submarine that participated in the Dec. 7, 1941, attack on Pearl Harbor have been discovered, researchers are to report today, offering strong evidence that the sub fired its torpedoes at Battleship Row.
"It is a gift that will keep on giving," Ed Gillespie, head of the RSLC, told a Washington gathering of potential donors. He suggested that $1 spent today on drawing a safe congressional seat would save many times the cost of winning a competitive race later. "This is one of the best investments you can make."
The state's cynical lip service toward these at-risk children begins at the top with Gov. Ted Kulongoski. His legacy as governor is littered with reports of the fierce escalation in child abuse and neglect, especially in the state's foster-care system.
You will go on a honeymoon with your best friend and it will be the vacation of a lifetime.
Xmas! Bah humbug! Man, I hate this time of year! And most of all, I hate shopping. Oh well, might as well get on with it.
Half-full: The comedies "Midnight in Paris" and "Bridesmaids" combined for six nominations while "The Artist," a romance with a light touch, piled up 10 nominations on its own, including best film, director, lead actor, supporting actress and original screenplay.
Underscoring the political problem posed by the dearth of hiring, Mr. Obama on Friday asked the Environmental Protection Agency to withdraw an air-quality proposal that Republicans and business groups said could kill thousands of jobs and cost hundreds of billions of dollars a year.
In the guest room, she lit on a quirky oil painting of Queen Elizabeth that my daughter had made in ninth grade. I was about to stash the painting under the bed, but Susan hung it over the bed. The touch of whimsy in the serious, dark-wood room was just what it needed.
“There was a need and other PTGs had been trying to do this for years,” she said. “Then the district construction project put things on hold, so we thought this was our duty to do this for the kids.”
It was not until backup officers arrived that Martin was recognized as a police officer, officials said.
History: Joe Louis died in Las Vegas on April 12, 1981. He was 66.
Alaric’s gone crazy, but I almost went crazy out of boredom from tonight’s "Vampire Diaries" episode.
Exasperation over the growing public health implications of pollution inspired the call for environmental education and led to the first Earth Day celebration on April 22, 1970. Millions of Americans spanning diverse social, political and economic spectrums joined together, both in service and to protest the effects of oil spills, air pollution, raw sewage, toxic dumps, pesticides and wildlife extinction on American landscapes, waterways and skies. This movement ultimately resulted in the creation of the EPA and the passage of the Clean Air, Clean Water and Endangered Species Acts. Legislation soon followed to address the nation's drinking water supply, hazardous waste management and toxic waste cleanups.
"It meets such an essential need," she said. "It's right on target."
He noted that when Joe Senser and the couple's teenage daughters testified, they said they didn't believe she was intoxicated and she didn't reek of alcohol.
SALEM -- For the first time in history Republicans and Democrats may be forced to share control of the Oregon House.
In addition to winning the conference title, the Falcons advanced to the final eight for the third time ever and first since 2008, following back-to-back first-round exits in 2009 and 2010.
By the time Johnnie reached the hospital on the evening of March 6, her condition was dire. Doctors told family members that surgery was the only recourse for a severe bowel obstruction but, in her weakened state, the risk of complications was high, court records show.
A.J. Jenkins;;Illinois;;6-0½;;188;;4.37
Tribute to returning veterans, 4:30-9:30 p.m. Meyer Amphitheater, 104 Datura St., West Palm Beach. The family-friendly event includes entertainment, music, food, veterans job fair, ceremonies, guest speakers. Free. Visit WHHPB.org or call 561-400-7194.
Earlier this year, George Pernsteiner, chancellor of the university system, said changes in the bill will allow the university system to stay on track in bringing the next generation of Oregonians to "education levels never before enjoyed in this state."
The reprimand letter for Wood, a teacher at Dana Point's Dana Hills High School, states that he illegally accepted $11,901 in coaches' apparel in 1993 and 1994 while working as the varsity football coach at Aliso Viejo's Aliso Niguel High School.
NASA is keenly interested.
Growing your own vegetables and herbs is not just for those with large yards and great soil. There are several raised garden bed options out there that can get you the space and soil quality you need to have your own green space, regardless of your location.
Whole-wheat bread
Fowler said that defining who is a Geechee or Gullah was easier than defining their cooking. "The cooking is consistently changing," he said. "There's a constant evolution when you're talking about food and the interaction people have with food."
"The only reason we were able to keep it alive was through ARRA funds, so that program is gone," she said.
“I told him, ‘Don’t do anything stupid,’” Nyugen said. “I tried to grab him.”
Spending six months, or a year until next November, running for mayor would be a draining experience for Reese or anyone else contemplating it, and we can understand anybody wanting to take a slow, careful look at the decision.
Comics in the 'Ultimate' imprint are modern reboots of familiar Marvel characters and exists separately from the publisher's mainstream universe where peter Parker is alive and well.
The alleged crimes of sex offender and serial killings suspect Anthony Sowell, whose charnel house on Imperial Avenue was the last stop for 11 women, may result in one good thing: shaking the complacency out of Cleveland's recent approach to sexual assault and missing-persons investigations.
"We are at a time when venture capital doesn't invest as early as it used to," said Larry Goldstein, a leading stem cell scientist at UC San Diego. "So the public has to do it. You may not like the system, but that's the system."
The lower production and distribution costs also allow fashion houses to be more daring and experimental in their efforts. Marni's video for the 2010 Summer collection, released in January in collaboration with video artist Rohan Wadham, is a two-minute stop-motion vignette starring two almond-eyed white dolls. Prada's "First Spring," by artist Yang Fudong, is an esoteric, noirish nine-minute black-and-white film in which no one speaks a word.
Ojore Nuru Lutalo, 65, of Elizabeth alleges that the arresting officer in La Junta lied about probable cause and omitted information that would have cleared him because the officer wanted to make an arrest in a "major 'terrorism' case."
MAYS LANDING -- A southern New Jersey woman charged in the fatal carjacking of an Atlantic City casino patron has pleaded guilty to murder and other charges in return for a 30-year prison sentence with no chance of parole.
Defensive coordinator Perry Fewell and his staff. The Giants played exclusively in the nickel Sunday. They switched up the personnel a bit to freshen it up, but they had five DBs on the field for every single play except one, by my count. The loss of middle LB Jonathan Goff has forced Fewell to play mostly nickel this season. But to do it exclusively and to play so well on defense against the Pats for much of the game is a credit to the scheme, the coaches and the players.
For Dungeness crab or Oktoberfest bratwurst, locals gather at Reedville Cafe, formerly a rough and tumble biker bar called The Shack. Owner Rick Van Beveren said some look down their nose at strip malls, but he appreciates the diversity and independent businesses made possible by real estate cheaper than places such as Orenco Station in Hillsboro.
Ayanbadejo recorded nine special teams tackles last season, good for second on the team behind Albert McClellan, who made 12.
Adelaide United was held to a scoreless draw at home by Uzbekistan's Bunyodkor but that was enough to guarantee the Australian club a spot in the knockout stages.
43 Dickerson Street
8. "Every Day on Earth" - Steve and Matthew Murrie
For those who went to Europe or other overseas destinations, the dollar took a steep upturn, rising sharply to exchange rates unseen in several years. The euro traded at less than 1.30 per dollar. The British pound lost a quarter of its value, falling from 2-to-1 in August 2008 to less than 1.50 per dollar as late as April 2010.
Dean Kahler, who was shot in the spine and paralyzed from the waist down, says it's important to get the truth out before it's too late.
No. 1 Alabama vs. No. 4 Stanford
Lonnie is still living in the same Portland house where she was attacked, refusing to let Michael scare her away from the place she calls home.
kcjohnson@tribune.com
He says he punched the case out of anger Monday after the Knicks fell behind 2-0 and wasn't trying to injure himself, adding there was only a small piece of glass that he hit.
WASHINGTON -- The U.S. unemployment rate fell last month to its lowest level in more than 2½ years. More people out of work either found jobs or gave up looking and were no longer counted as unemployed.
... One of the most pathetic sights of the great fire was to see bedridden invalids compelled to get up and walk to places of safety. One poor old Chinaman died on the street, of consumpsion. Some people were driven insane through fright, or from loss of friends and property.
Jack Hannahan hit a two-run homer and Jason Kipnis had a solo shot off Beckett (2-4), who gave up seven runs on seven hits and walked two.
PORTLAND, Ore. (AP) — Bradford Burgess hit a key 3-pointer with 1:33 left and Shaka Smart coached VCU to another tournament surprise, holding off Wichita State.
Completion of the mural came about almost by accident when Koeppe fell ill in February and became a home hospice patient through Crossroads Hospice of Maryland Heights, said Rosenkoetter, who lives in University City.
1209 2 Carrie Rose (J Rosario)7/2
Francois Montand Blanc de Blancs, France ($15-$18) - The color is ring gold with a nice, finely spaced mousse. The aroma has a little stem/earth with citrus and pear fruit around it. The taste is balanced and elegant. A great value: bright, clean and delicious. 89 points.
NEW YORK -- Bank of America is closing down one of its mortgage units.
Even if a tax refund already is pocketed and spent, April 15 remains a blip on the radar with nervous glances and sweaty palms. The weekend extension this year to file a return to the Internal Revenue Service may pack a little less trepidation, but the date's shadow lingers like the aura of garlic after eating too much Chinese food at a party.
Camps give players more coaching of position-specific techniques and fundamentals, another good tool.
Many of the homes were built in the 1920s and 1930s and feature historic charm with updates. The neighborhood has 2.1 square miles with four association districts. There are more than 5,200 custom-built homes.
But any momentum the Reds had was squandered because of their struggles at the free-throw line. The Reds had ample opportunities to shine at the line, but they made only 20-of-39 free throws.
Brown does have an appreciation for Backes.
Apple's domestic tax bill has piqued particular curiosity among corporate tax experts because though the company is based in the United States, its profits -- on paper, at least -- are largely foreign. While Apple contracts out much of the manufacturing and assembly of its products to other companies overseas, the majority of Apple's executives, product designers, marketers, employees, research and development and retail stores are in the United States. Tax experts say it is therefore reasonable to expect that most of Apple's profits would be American as well. The nation's tax code is based on the concept that a company "earns" income where value is created, rather than where products are sold.
The bill would promote unprecedented cooperation between the government and the private sector by allowing the NSA and other federal agencies to pass classified information to vetted companies so they can defend against disruptions, destruction or the theft of trade secrets, business plans and private information about customers and employees.
Customers such as Guillaume see things differently. Because HomeAway bills itself as a trusted intermediary between her and her vacation rental, she says, it owes her more than an empty apology. She says that after she lost her money, HomeAway officials told her that they were sorry but that it wasn't their problem. The rental owner isn't willing to help her, either.
Grimm was rushed by ambulance from his home on Sandbrook-Headquarters Road to a soccer field at the Delaware Township School. There, just before noon, a helicopter took him to the Capital Health hospital, formerly known as Helene Fuld, in Trenton.
Offseason practice won't begin until May, when the Chiefs will hold a minicamp for rookies and later some full-squad workouts. The full-squad minicamp is in June.
"She doesn't talk about it that much, but it's so interesting. Amazing," Stratman said.
They do, however, more than pull their weight.
But nearly 800 students, or about 15 percent of the student body, still belong to the 12 fraternities and four sororities that serve the school community.
Salary and preparation-time issues continued to separate the sides as teachers and students gathered Tuesday evening for a vigil outside the East Hill Foursquare Church in downtown Gresham, where a last-minute mediation was taking place.
Yet the mental and social effects of both the betrayals and the hearings' aftermath aren't explored in depth, while precious time is eaten up by an overlong party. It's fun to watch Roberts lord it over his friends while swishing about in drag, but fleshing out some of the characters would have helped the show.
Hockey has had some similar problems, you probably know. But that sport’s issues with brain injury are rarer than football’s and ostensibly easier to fix. Stop in-game fighting and you have a chance at reducing the most serious long-term consequences.
By this time, the river passage was considered too important to be left to the whims of free enterprise, outlaws and tribal claims. American troops were sent to secure the crossing. They tried to set up a post on the river, but keeping it supplied overland from California was difficult. Fort Yuma was abandoned three times, Clark said.
Chicago Cubs right-hander Chris Volstad simply can't catch a break.
Bignonia capreolata, or crossvine, is a vigorous climber that will grow in sun or shade with trumpet-like yellow-orange flowers in May in the lower deserts. In cooler weather, the leaves turn a rich mahogany. There are a few hybrids that present other clear color choices of red, tangerine and yellow. You will need a sturdy trellis for this one also.
"I hope a good one. I hope they see that the Pirates are not the team that was at DePaul and that we're a good basketball team and that we deserve to get in."
Regular visits to your dentist may protect more than your teeth, according to research out of Taiwan that found those who get regular dental cleanings had fewer heart attacks and strokes.
DiBiasi, who surrendered to the State Police Official Corruption Bureau, is accused of receiving the bribe from a person who was hired as county sheriff's investigator in early 2005, according to the statement.
øBut it wouldn't have been awful if they'd all finished second.
This fashionable and affordable River North hot spot is probably better known for its cocktails (especially in its downstairs, cash-only lounge), but this small-plates specialist has a compact but thoughtfully chosen beer selection, including nine large-format (650-750 ml) options. 230 W. Kinzie St., 312-464-9544
"It's great marketing — 'This is a nicer experience for you, and by flying us you're saving the planet,'" he said. "Passengers will say to each other, 'Oh look, it smells like my new car.' But they're getting the same peanuts and the same can of Coke."
LeDoux said Occupy Portland's organizers believe that "between $10,000 and $20,000" has disappeared from the protest's control. LeDoux said a
In fiscal 2011, Timothy Smucker, 67, was paid a base salary of $853,000; a bonus of $17,060; stock awards of $2,345,750; non-equity incentive compensation of $1,053,500; pension and deferred compensation earnings of $892,439; and other compensation valued at $48,345.
On the 100th anniversary of the ship’s sinking on April 15, 1912, the 3-D version of James Cameron’s "Titanic" sailed past the $2 billion mark worldwide.
Will Venable tripled and scored in the first, then doubled in the go-ahead run in the fifth inning to back 37-year-old Jeff Suppan, giving the Padres the series win with one game to play.
Authorities say the officers found Johnson in a bedroom with a handgun and shot him after the 21-year-old made a threatening gesture.
Minnesota is one of five states that require individual collectors to register with the state. The others are Idaho, Nebraska, Tennessee and Wisconsin.
“I thought tonight we took a step back,’’ said Robinson, whose Beavers (15-12, 5-10) lost for the fourth straight time and fifth time in six games and fell into ninth place in the Pac-12. “I was really disappointed.’’
The Cardinals won the World Series last year without a pitch from ace Adam Wainwright, who underwent Tommy John surgery prior to the season. This season they are arguably the best team in the NL despite losing their iconic player, Albert Pujols, manager Tony La Russa and pitching coach Dave Duncan; plus Chris Carpenter — Wainwright’s ace fill-in last year — has been out since the start of the year with a shoulder ailment.
The Rep picked up seven Klines on Monday, more than any other theater this year. The New Jewish Theatre received six Kline awards, including three of the top four awards for actors in a play. All three - Bob Thibaut, Peggy Billo and Gary Wayne Barker - appeared in "The Immigrant," a play that writer Mark Harelik based on the lives of his grandparents in a small Texas town.
The Station, called Pufferbelly until Sutton took over and renamed it in 2000, was a local historic landmark. The restaurant, which served a hearty menu, was inside a 133-year old former train station.
But no more. Having outlived contemporary draftniks Joel Buchsbaum and Joe Stein (formerly of the Union-Tribune), and beginning the fourth year of a draining battle against lung cancer, Jones says his latest edition will be his last.
The previous largest Mega Millions jackpot of $390 million, which occurred in March 2007, was split between New Jersey and Georgia winners.
In his op-ed, he wrote: “Most citizens view the end of work each day as a clear line in dividing their responsibilities to an employer from their rights as an individual. While at work, we accept that we must comply with work-related expectations and policies. But when the whistle blows, we consider ourselves our own masters -- pursuing recreation or even legal vices as we see fit.”
Andrew Lekas
He dubbed the house the Ackermansion. The jam-packed repository included everything from a Dracula cape worn by Lugosi to Mr. Spock's pointy ears and from Lon Chaney Sr.'s makeup kit to the paper-plate flying saucer used by director Ed Wood in "Plan 9 From Outer Space."
Benefits will likely begin in April.
U.S. wineries that sell overseas also must comply with EU regulations that round alcohol to the nearest half-percent, which also explains why some European wines have less accurate alcohol listings. And some states and Canadian provinces also have their own labeling requirements - and penalties.
The meal's most impressive burst of fragrance comes with the main course: lavender-scented buffalo tenderloin. As an herb, aromatic lavender has been used for more than 2,500 years to calm and relax; it also calms down flavors in food.
As she kneels at the altar of the Far-Southside church during her ordination ceremony, Maria Thornton McClain was unaware that three off-duty police officers stood watch just outside the sanctuary.
"They're taking on leadership roles very well as seniors, and they're doing a great job with the younger kids," Bruemmer said. "A lot of times they're the ones who get practice going and the whole team is already warmed up by the time I get there. We're in a tough division with Zumwalt West and Howell Central, but I expect us to be decent."
Among the disbursements: $8,400 to Gingrich Productions, a Washington, D.C.-based company that lists Callista Gingrich, the candidate's wife, as president. Gingrich spokesman R.C. Hammond said the campaign paid Gingrich Productions for use of the domain name Newt.org. The Federal Election Commission requires that campaigns apply fair market value to such transactions.
CLEVELAND, Ohio -- Republican presidential contender Newt Gingrich woke up Wednesday in Cleveland to renewed doubts about whether he's the candidate best positioned as the alternative to GOP front-runner Mitt Romney.
As students gear up to take the state's annual standardized tests, top Missouri education officials and leaders of several area school districts find themselves defending the integrity of the exam scores.
Others also have questioned the involvement of the bill's sponsor, Rep. Lynn Wachtmann, a Northwest Ohio Republican, who sits on the board of directors for the International Bottled Water Association and owns a water bottling company that uses waters from Lake Erie tributaries.
Billed as “Transforming Transportation for Tomorrow,’’ the Quinn administration’s new highway improvement program will offer far less money to repair roads and address increasing traffic congestion, officials acknowledged. Plans to expand the roadway system will also be further delayed.
The Web video, narrated by former president Bill Clinton, takes a direct swipe at Romney by using four-year-old quotes in which Romney questioned whether chasing bin Laden in Pakistan was worth the time and expense.
Bob Master, the CWA’s regional poltiical director, said that he expects 6,000 to 10,000 members of his union to show up.
The court said New Jersey law says specifically that deputy attorneys general and assistant prosecutors can carry weapons while holding those jobs, but says nothing about after they retire.
The 62-year-old asked to telephone his relatives but all the lines had been cut. “I’ve long prepared for this moment, but it has still come as a surprise,” he told the officials.
BNY Mellon and the institutional investor group that negotiated the settlement, which includes BlackRock Inc. and Pacific Investment Management Co., opposed the interventions. The investor group argued that the attorneys general don't have standing to intervene in a private contract dispute.
For Lee, the agreement comes amid harsh criticism at home that his response to a deadly artillery attack last month by North Korea on a South Korean island has been weak and indecisive. His government, which once had said it would not renegotiate the trade deal, could face harsh criticism at home if the compromises on autos are seen as a capitulation.
It means they can cash in unused sick days for public dollars or use leftover days to add to their years of retirement credit, which bumps up their taxpayer-subsidized pensions. Sick-day payouts and credits also are typical elements of severance agreements for public school superintendents who leave their contracts early, the Tribune found.
The prison department said it was pleased with Frost's ruling.
The meter district could continue as long as 10 years, with future revenue going toward other transportation projects.
The president considers Limbaugh's remarks "reprehensible," according to White House spokesman Jay Carney. He said the president called Fluke to "express his disappointment that she has been the subject of inappropriate personal attacks" and to thank her for speaking out on an issue of public policy.
The Democrats who made political hay of Issa's choice of witnesses were right; surely it says something troubling that the committee didn't bother to find a single woman to testify on its first panel. (There were two on the second.) But it is at least as troubling that there was no one at all — male or female, on either panel — called to testify in support of the Obama administration's proposed mandate.
Auctions Made Simple
Overall, the food quality at lunch might have been more consistent, but the workday atmosphere was more sedate. I overheard conversations about investing in oil pipelines, surgeries gone bad, and co-workers from hell. It was a far cry from the party we brought the previous Friday, when our table of men and women, young and old, gay and straight, toothpick slim and jolly round, laughed and told stories while the Guinness flowed.
On Feb. 28, her attending physician, Dr. Bradley Barnhill, visited the care facility and found Johnnie to be constipated and her abdomen "protuberant," or abnormally distended, according to the records. He wrote orders for a "bowel program," including laxatives and other treatments, and went to the nurses station to flag the new orders, records show.
Specifically: Tell your wife that you saw these emails and that asking her what they're about makes more sense than letting your imagination churn up ideas, which it has been doing a lot of lately. Maybe it'll be that simple.
While applications for this year's beneficiaries are still being evaluated, the church will focus on local groups that provide tangible ways to alleviate hunger and poverty.
A European Union judge has decided to put a senior Kosovo politician and former rebel leader on trial for the alleged execution and torture of Serb prisoners during the 1998-99 Kosovo war, officials said Friday.
"I know Austin, and he came out and played hard, but we were the better team today," Berglund said. "We've got a great team here. Our offensive line does a great job and gives me all the time in the world. We know we haven't been around long, but that's been our goal from the start. We wanted to come out here and win a state championship."
Instead, an English-only bill is touted as the quickest way to help immigrants succeed. If that is the case why aren't the same good intentions a ringing endorsement of the Maryland Dream Act? Why wait and hope to see if any of these shiftless immigrants will wise up and learn English in Anne Arundel County out of brute necessity when the students who could benefit from the Dream Act have already demonstrated enough English proficiency and good conduct (i.e. paying taxes and applying for citizenship) in order to justify receiving a modest college tuition break?
Gold Spike.
GE spokesman Andrew Williams said the protesters evidently were shareholders because otherwise they would not have been allowed into the meeting, where attendees went through screening similar to airport security. There have been reports in recent days that protesters might be buying GE stock so they would be able to attend the meeting.
health of the league's most valuable player was again front and
The roomful of journalists from Illinois, Indiana, Wisconsin, Iowa and Missouri scribbled fast as Horvit and other experienced reporters in the audience shared tips for backgrounding and deep web searches, finding information and contacts that many assumed had "disappeared" from the web, getting the most out of Illinois' open records law and other (for us!) fun stuff.
Finches have been seen chewing holes in sunflower leaves. Maybe they will do the same to other soft leaves.
A slew of measures have been floated recently but according to Booker and city council members, each idea is less plausible than the last:
The ribbon-cutting ceremony for the new grocery store located at 19133 Willamette Dr. will begin at 7:30 a.m. The Wal-Mart market will offer product samples, giveaways and entertainment throughout the opening day.
The Solon mayor’s race, which at times got ugly, ended with Councilwoman Susan Drucker on top. Drucker defeated former Mayor Robert Paulson by more than 1,000 votes.
Put Friday’s 1,500 in the “quick” category. Last week, with the Ducks scrapping for team points in a dual meet at UCLA, tactics ruled.
Only 10 percent of Californians have long-term care insurance, according to a Field Poll commissioned by the state's California Partnership for Long-Term Care. Most of the elderly rely on unpaid family caregivers to help them at home, or they draw down savings to cover nursing home bills. More than 20 percent of older adults pay at least $25,000 of their own money for care.
O'Fallon senior linebacker Mike Cotton has been committed to Indiana since June but is now exploring his options after a coaching change with the Hoosiers.
So clear are the eyes, nose and mouth that, to the Ettingers, it's unmistakable.
The type of inflammation that is occurring in his stomach can exist in other parts of his gastrointestinal tract as well. Likely, there was a plan for a follow-up appointment, about two months after the first visit to make sure the medicines are working.
This seems to be the year for passion projects for the director. His energetic documentary "Pearl Jam Twenty" indulged his love of rock music, and now "Zoo" celebrates his love of family. Though neither movie reaches the level of Crowe's standout films — the autobiographical intimacy he achieved in 2000's "Almost Famous," which earned him a screenwriting Oscar, or the what-makes-Sammy-run electricity of 1996's "Jerry Maguire" — "Zoo" is definitely one from the heart.
Q. Who or what influenced you to become an economist?
Expect an enormous selection of soups, fresh-squeezed juices, wraps, salads, sandwiches and pita "pitzas."
Talk from Democrats has ranged from cautious optimism to outright swagger. Given how quickly tables turned on overconfident Republicans, the former is probably more prudent.
øThe locale: Two venues: The first would spirit Pitt and Jolie and just their immediate family members to a luxurious South African safari camp. The second, two weeks later, would be a cocktail-style reception for friends at their house in L.A.
"It's not harsh at all. It goes down so smooth," one boy, who appeared to be about 11, said on his video.
The OSP SWAT team is made up of officers across the state. Schleicher said they train at least every other month in a variety of locations to prepare for emergencies.
"I know what my body has been through," Pollard told Houston's SportsRadio 610 AM. "I'm 27 years old. I take care of myself, but it's a violent sport. I don't want him to have go through it. I don't want to see my son with a concussion."
Kirkwood students and teachers currently at the Collaborative School recommended "Vista" as the name of the new program, saying "it represents a positive vision and focus that we share for the students we work with."
1700 block of South Bascom Avenue, 7:23 p.m. Friday A brown 1986 Toyota Camry was stolen within the hour.
The Woolstons are veteran restaurateurs and caterers who own Matteo's Pizza & Bistro in Carmichael. Though their Supper Club restaurant on Del Paso Boulevard is closed, the name was added to the Crocker Cafe. They will also use it when they begin hosting "pop-up" dinners around town in coming months.
He filed for disability two months later, and Social Security rejected his claim. Fourteen years earlier, Santa Cruz had worked building pipelines. The agency told him he was healthy enough to do it again.
The investigation began more than a year ago. Weddington demanded a $2,500 donation to the Ohio Legislative Black Caucus’ nonprofit foundation when an expert in predatory lending asked in 2010 to meet with the caucus, according to a story published that year in The Columbus Dispatch.
Jeff Fisher hired Gregg Williams from the Saints to mold the porous Rams defense into a ferocious, hard-hitting unit.
We understand Stanton's dilemma, but residents also are facing potential hefty state and federal tax increases, as well as inflation as seen every time one fills up a car's gas tank. Government should not cost more than the people's ability to pay. Increasing the city's tax burden actually could hurt Stanton, rather than help it.
Well, I'm now happy to report (so people can stop asking me) that the store is scheduled to open in April. It will hold a grand opening on April 21 and 22, but there will be a "soft" opening a couple days earlier, according to a mall spokeswoman.
There was some good news on the deficit front Thursday -- for the first time in nearly four years, the U.S. government took in more money last month than it spent.
But Gallagher's not completely daft. The song he performed before "Record Machine" was "Supersonic," a single released 18 years ago this month. "Supersonic" sparked a Britpop dynasty for Gallagher's old band -- Oasis -- and did so with lyrics based on having it all.
The Cardinals' early work against Reds starter Homer Bailey proved enough. It came three days after they reached Milwaukee Brewers pitcher Yovani Gallardo for four home runs, including three in the third inning of a blowout win.
The Panthers fought off an early Devils powerplay and nearly won it late when Scottie Upshall's point-blank chance went over an empty net with one minute and 45 seconds remaining in the first period.
Unless, of course, the generational gods decide otherwise.
Brennan, 58, has been under fire from some investors for not
W.B., Westlake
"I really want to do the research and be careful," she said. "This is something that's going to be testing the waters. With this new government and the charter, how far can we go to impact residents' lives?"
A somewhat awkward example of that practice might be Robert S. McNamara, the former Secretary of Defense who's often blamed for the war in Vietnam. His middle initial, honoring his mother's maiden name, stood for Strange. Then there's Richard M. Nixon, whose middle name borrowed from his mother led to the nerdy character of Milhouse on The Simpsons.
And the approach seems to be working: Membership has grown, from 611 in 2010 to 1,516 last year. Paid admissions grew as well, from 76,063 in 2010 to 85,360 last year.
Colonial Governor of Maryland Horatio Sharpe had preferred the forks of the North and South branches of the Potomac as the site for a fort, but unable to persuade them, deferred to the Assembly's choice and arrived at North Mountain in June 1756 with 150 men to build the fort there instead.
Jenkins is the lifer supporting actor who gets a nice compliment here. Langella, reprising his stage portrayal of Richard Nixon, was unforgettable. Pitt's performance as the old dude who ages backward was touching and graceful. But this is a two man race.
After that, the city has 10 days to certify the signatures and the mayor then has five days to resign or state why he should stay. A recall would then be scheduled within 35 days. If all deadlines are met, the soonest a possible election could be held is in May.
Beyond music from top DJs, guests will seek Sunday revival through portable oxygen tanks, anti-hangover shots and Zico coconut water to replenish what's been raged out. Sip on electrolyte-infused cocktails while cutting-edge cryogenics, high-energy sounds, confetti cannons, and cryo guns overwhelm the senses. Then, get your beauty fix as the ladies from Revive Salon provide complimentary hair and makeup touch-ups on scene.
At summer barbecues, the most fail-safe way to perk up grilled meat, fish or vegetables is with a fun condiment. And in today's cover story on Page K1, we provide several options for making your own. They can all be held in the fridge for at least a week or two to complete a last-minute meal.
There are several authors whom I consider favorites, but there is no one else who makes me as happy as G.K. Chesterton does. At risk of sounding like someone's grandmother, G.K. Chesterton is delightful. I assign that word not only to his writing, but to the man himself. He was clumsy and almost pathologically absent-minded. At 6'4" and almost 300 pounds he was a conspicuous figure, but seemed to determined to be more conspicuous still. He usually wore a cape and crumpled hat, and carried a swordstick in hand. G.K. Chesterton was the sort of person who couldn't help laughing at his own jokes, a weakness less forgivable if his jokes weren't so consistently funny.
"They're difficult issues. They're important to both sides and so I'm not yet prepared to express wild optimism," said the president.
They were facing elimination the following week against the Jets and Rex Ryan, but the Giants won 29-14.
With presidential and congressional elections in November, neither party wants to be seen as causing students<U+0092> college expenses to grow. Because neither appears to have the 60 votes needed to push its version through the Senate, it seems likely they will have to find a compromise way to pay for the effort.
A lifetime of balance -- of mind and body, activity and rest, work and play -- can't be bad for you.
Plans for the school merger have been discussed for years, but were finalized recently and now have the approval of Archbishop Robert Carlson.
"I wish I had health insurance benefits like yours."
Ohio Republicans unanimously oppose the Democrats' health care reform bill, and say they'll target its backers for defeat in November.
The 5.5 percent interest rate Key pays on the loan costs the bank $31 million per quarter. Plus, it can't acquire other banks or boost its dividend while it's still on the hook for TARP. The highlight for the quarter, Meyer said, besides the third straight profit, was the fourth straight quarter that loan losses decreased. The performance is a combination of credit quality, reduced expenses and increased revenues, he said.
Expect the budget or an accompanying bill to contain language on school choice that further angers teachers unions. If done right, expanding school choice would be a good thing.
1½ pounds lean flank, sirloin or preferred beef, cut into 3-inch strips about ½-inch thick
Richard Perry - Sumner
"We'd go anywhere," company president David Payne says facetiously. "As long as it wasn't across that body of water."
The committee passed the bill (S2780) by a vote of 6-1, with state Sen. Sean Kean (R-Monmouth) casting the lone "no" vote, and sent it to the full Senate.
Shuckahosee said she sees the group's underlying message -- "We can do better" -- persisting with Veysey's congressional campaign, which she is supporting wholeheartedly.
Additionally, this feat was achieved before it was possible to sequence the DNA of either viruses or animal cells.
People with severe hemophilia B have Factor IX levels that are less than 1% of normal. After gene therapy, the six patients' levels went up to 2% to 11% of normal. Patients were followed in the study for six to 16 months. Andrew M. Davidoff, co-principal investigator in the trial and chairman of the department of surgery at St. Jude, said that the ultimate goal is to get closer to 20% and that the researchers are working on strategies to improve the therapy.
I don't like to be predictable, which is why I've tried so many things <U+0096> fiction, nonfiction, historical, sci-fi, fantasy, kids books, funny books, serious books. I want to grab you and surprise you on a constant basis. That's partly to keep myself interested.
Pay no attention to the gorgeous 6 series Gran Coupe's name. There's nothing remotely coupe-like about BMW's slinky new car, which has four doors and a slightly concealed B-pillar between the front and rear doors.
he doesn't think he'll be able to play this weekend because of a groin injury. "It's bothering me," he said Tuesday. "It's stiff." Portis has only 195 yards on 49 carries this season. His playing time already was on the wane with the emergence of Ryan Torain.
Culling bears through hunting is the only tried and proven method of keeping wild animal populations in check, and as a side benefit, it teaches animals to fear humans. Without this fear of humans, future encounters will become more frequent and most likely more tragic.
"MetroHealth will do its very best in meeting the additional demands placed on its trauma services by this change," Dr. Brendan Patterson, chairman of orthopedic surgery at MetroHealth, said Thursday. The hospital, he said, is sifting through data to see how many more patients it would have to care for and how many would be serious trauma cases.
While the story was similar in Plainfield -- which, like Elizabeth, is an Abbott school district -- around much of Union County schools showed strong passing rates in the proficiency exams administered last year in grades three through eight and 11.
"We have very limited space on which we can build," said park spokesman Scott Gediman. "So for us it's always a question of if we can build."
With just over four minutes to play, Jamie Langenbrunner made a nifty move to the front of the net but couldn't get a backhand shot away before the Avs cleared. With 2:24 remaining, Cole was flagged for interference in the neutral zone, giving the visitors another power play.
But it was futile to resist. It was perhaps the greatest night of collective baseball ever played. Between four games, there were two extra inning games, two games decided by walk-off hits, a two-hit shutout, and a team coming back from being down seven runs in the eighth inning to win in twelve. The night featured two of the most monumental team collapses in sports history, and two of
Why? Dry wine is hard for the novice to negotiate. It seems bitter, too intense and not immediately enjoyable, while the sweet stuff can be a more natural bridge from soda pop.
"We look forward to working with the governor's office to review the matters in question in greater detail," DRPA spokesman Jim Salmon said. In the meantime, the agency will continue operating under the 2009 budget.
DL: Marcus Rush, Michigan State
He started NeXT Computing, which made computers for higher education and corporations. Technologists took to the computers — including British computer scientist Tim Berners-Lee, who used them to create the World Wide Web in the early 1990s. But at $6,000, they were too expensive for consumers and failed to catch on.
Admittedly, this is not a movie with huge ambitions. But neither — like, say, “Prince of Persia” — is it pretending to be for older or hipper audiences than it is. It’s a kids’ movie, aimed at kids and the people who buy their tickets.
Many Northeast Ohio counties had steeper declines than the statewide average. Cuyahoga, for example, had a 9.5 percent decline, yet the county led the state with 12,800 filings. That number translates to about one foreclosure for every 1,000 people.
"We'll still run and press against them," said Patsos, a longtime assistant to former Maryland coach Gary Williams. "Ohio State wants to play their way. If you play their way, you're not going to beat them. I think they can win the national championship this year."
Ismail's recurring message of the power of Islam to transform society was evident outside the Assad bin Forat mosque in Cairo, where he has preached for years. It is his wellspring and sanctuary and, now, an unofficial campaign office of pious men rushing with posters, T-shirts and signature sheets.
Across the country, average snowfall at ski areas was down 41 percent , marking yet another record low in the last 20 years. Half of the country's resorts opened late with man-made snow and closed early in a sweltering March that saw ski-area temperatures reaching the 80s.
The coronation of Donald Trump from golf outsider to USGA BFF took place on the back terrace of his opulent clubhouse as the Trump National Golf Club in Bedminster was officially awarded the 2017 U.S. Women’s Open.
One fascinating effort that holds great promise comes from a
She said pavement for the new lanes is in place and bridgework has been finished. However, the weather has prevented such work as erasing temporary lines painted on the roadway, a project that requires blasting away the paint with water. That must be done before re-striping can occur and the new lanes and bridges can be put into use, she said.
"I'm sick," she said. "I didn't understand this would become a huge issue."
Krentcil — wearing tan pants, a beige trench coat, a green scarf and brown nail polish — appeared in court accompanied by her husband, Richard Krentcil, who appeared concerned and somewhat agitated.
Louis Vuitton set up shop on the rue Neuve des Capucines in 1854, describing himself as a "packager," with the tagline "Specialty in the Packing of Fashions." In 1896, George Vuitton, Louis' son, created the LV logo and monogram by which the company is now globally identified. Pamela Golbin, curator of the Les Arts Décoratifs exhibition (www.lesartsdecoratifs.fr; until Sept. 16), draws a comparison between Jacobs and Charles Frederick Worth, who, as the world's first couturier, created and established a whole new way of dressing for the emerging bourgeoisie. "Two innovators, both rooted in their respective centuries, advanced an entire industry," she says. "Two creators each in his own language appropriated cultural codes and trends in order to shape the history of contemporary fashion." This, in turn, informed Vuitton's methods and insured his success in creating luggage for this new customer, who could need as many as 10 trunks to transport everything from nightwear to evening gowns and shooting kit.
In the documentary, Columbia University pediatric endocrinologist Michael Rosenbaum seems to say it all. Hunched over a spreadsheet with his colleague Dr. Rudolph Leibel, Rosenbaum explains: “You can talk about obesity prevention if you can sustain a lower weight here,” he says, jabbing a pen at a line on the chart. “But once you get here,” he shakes his head gravely, “it’s over with.”
With backers including Google executives, filmmaker James Cameron and Ross Perot Jr., Planetary Resources aspires to change the world and ensure the survival of humanity. One of the co-founders, Peter Diamandis (XPrize Foundation CEO ) insists we have a moral imperative to explore space for mineral and metal wealth, instead of continuing to rape and pillage the earth. He sees space mining as a mechanism to "uplift the bottom billion or so of society." hopes to find iron, nickel, palladium and platinum. (One relatively small asteroid could hold as much as $50 billion worth of platinum.)
When it rains, it pours. That cuts both ways, bad and good.
Even in their losses Lucas has felt the Tigers have done a lot of positive things. The key to Oakville's success has been its ability to share the load. In the past Lucas's teams have relied on a handful of talented players to carry the burden of scoring and allow everyone else to play their role.
"I worked every day — every day — since I came here, until I hurt my shoulder," Akvany said. "Then, they fired me."
State health officials said they notified downriver municipal and agricultural water providers about the spill. At least one agency shut off its intake from the South Platte and was drawing water instead from Standley Lake on the west side of the metro area.
It is unusual for a sitting Supreme Court justice to be so vocal on an issue that will come up before the court, as death penalty cases do. But Pfeifer said other justices have advocated for issues or causes, and he has now chosen to do the same.
The future position for Murphy, Alderson said, will depend on how the team fills holes during the offseason.
Police had no suspects Sunday.
"On balance, this means people will have less options to get medical marijuana,’’ said Roseanne Scotti, director of the Drug Policy Alliance of New Jersey.
They won’t be monochromatic beds though. Some of my mixed ‘Cut and Come Again’ zinnias from last summer reseeded themselves, so one bed will have mostly magenta with a few who-knows-what colors.
How it works: A mugger with a pair of scissors cuts the purse right off your back and walks off with it in broad daylight. It can happen so quickly and easily in a crowded place — such as a subway or mobbed amusement park — that you might not even notice right away.
He's taking BART to work. This station was closed yesterday, but he didn't mind going to the Lake Merritt station instead. "I have options, luckily."
Penny Pritzker: A businesswoman and philanthropist, Pritzker supports public schools as board chair of the Chicago Public Education Fund and co-director of the Pritzker Traubert Family Foundation, which invests in education and health for city children. She served as national finance chairwoman of President Barack Obama's 2008 presidential bid.
Carnival first planned to haul the ship to the Mexican port of Ensenada, not far from a movie studio complex used to film "Titanic," and bus passengers to the U.S.
The son with money to burn and a brand new "ride," who insists, even as he showers you with gifts, "I am not a drug dealer."
-allrecipes.com
When its reporter whether he was still considering running for office in Washington state, Kucinich responded: "As far as a candidacy, I don't know about that ... I haven't really made up my mind what I am going to do with my future."
HONG KONG—Singapore state-investment firm Temasek Holdings Pte. Ltd. is seeking to raise up to US$2.5 billion by reducing its stakes in two of China's biggest lenders, according to term sheets seen by Dow Jones Newswires on Wednesday.
"I just thought it was the best fit for me personally," Noel said. "I talked to my mom, she liked it as well, she liked all three of the schools, but when it came down to it, she liked Kentucky. She met (Assistant) Coach Orlando (Antigua) and Coach Calipari and they just had a great idea, just watching on TV what they do with Anthony Davis. I mean, she thought it was the best fit for me and I did, too. So, we went with that."
Nelson has yet to rule on the league's request to stay the injunction.
Christie was active during the show, but a source told the Post he started fading when Springsteen played "Rocky Ground," a track from his newest album.
Then before Tuesday's game, McMillan acknowledged that Mills was on watch. His play had to improve, or else Roy and Fernandez would get all of the backup point guard minutes.
Top 10
The remainder of the firm—currently estimated at 250 partners and a total of 1,000 lawyers—would then fold into the merger partner. The hope is that enough of the "old Dewey" could be preserved to enable a robust collection of debts from clients, these people said. The acquiring firm would pay little or nothing up front, but would likely be expected to cover ongoing operating costs as the bankruptcy case proceeded.
For more information, contact the First Baptist Church office, (330) 725-5853.
Homeowners are more likely to use paint to create a mood for a room than to display multimillion-dollar works of art. But the same principles that museums use in designing galleries apply, said Karen Meyerhoff, managing director for business development at the Guggenheim. They use colors to evoke emotions or theatrics, and to highlight paintings on display.
ATLANTA – Greetings from soggy Turner Field. A tarp covers about half of the infield, as the grounds crew is dragging the mound and batter’s circle. We’ll see how the rain affects the day.
The hot button issue of race arose twice during the committee hearings. When Grifa described Massachusetts as "whiter" than New Jersey, two Democrats asked her to clarify what she meant. Grifa said she was just trying to explain how the two states compare demographically.
I pulled myself away from the scene and hurriedly walked toward the Daily News offices on 33rd St. and 10th Ave., getting updates from cars and cab drivers in the traffic heading west.
If they care so much, why isn't this resulting in job-creation bills being fast-tracked?
Since then, the amount of spending on higher education as a percentage of the overall budget has declined, while corrections has eaten up more and more taxpayer dollars. Under Mr. Nixon's proposed budget, higher education will take up 9.7 percent of the general revenue budget; corrections will eat up 7.5 percent.
The show lacked the feel of WrestleMania; the first hour felt rushed and most of the matches seemed to be missing something. The show wasn't bad by any means, so I don't want people to misread what I am saying, but I expected more.
Both received poignant letters of thanks from people who were on the train that kept its doors closed and continued on.
There are pockets of hope. In Minnesota, resistance to building a new stadium for the Vikings has been fierce _ so much so that NFL Commissioner Roger Goodell popped in the other day to deliver a not-so-subtle message. He surely let it be known that he's got Los Angeles on speed dial, ready to send them another team if the Land of a Thousand Lakes won't agree to pay for more than half of a $1 billion stadium that owner Zygi Wilf (estimated net worth: $1.3 billion) just has to have.
The child's heart had ruptured - possibly from the CPR - and his diaper was filled with feces and blood. Prosecutors theorized that Yanes had sodomized the baby and the baby's heart exploded from the trauma.
DALLAS — An Army nurse showed no alarm or discomfort before suddenly collapsing during a Skype video chat with his wife, who saw a bullet hole in a closet behind him, his family said Sunday.
Tellingly, it was signed by "Frank J. Bleckwenn" -- a pseudonym.
Memphis wins because of big-man depth and ravenous pressure. The Grizzlies lead the NBA in forcing turnovers, scoring off turnovers, and steals. But the Clippers suffered fewer turnovers than any NBA team except Philadelphia.
"Providers want to do everything possible to make sure the surgery is successful," says Charles Sabatino, director of the American Bar Assn.'s Commission on Law and Aging.
As the calendar turned to 2011, Campbell and Jacquemain were unanchored and battling their addictions, on and off the opiates, in and out of rehab. They held jobs for short times.
Red Red Wine might not have a destination-spot menu, but it's right at home in Annapolis — an upbeat and polished place to gather with friends. A more coherent wine list would help. The bulky wine book now is much too much: Baroquely written and ornately designed, it's generous to a fault with graphics and anecdotes, and impossible to look at for more than a few seconds.
There are tons of creative projects one can make at the Glassworks Studio in Morristown. The studio will offer special hours during Winter Break. The Studio will be open December 26 -December 30 from 11am to 7pm. There will be no evening hours beyond 7 on Wednesday or Friday. Reservations are welcome and appreciated. On December 31, New Year's Eve Day, have an early toast to the New Year with your friends at Glassworks and enjoy a non-alcoholic toast with your children on us, while making your last project of the year!
DeMott entered prison in May 2007, sentenced to 23-60 months on four counts of attempted armed robbery, with credit for time served. It was a ridiculous sentence for a 15-year-old, as even then-MDOC health services administrator Lynda Zeller suggested: "It is unfortunate that Mr. DeMott was directed into prison at 15 years old rather than being retained in the juvenile justice system where more age-appropriate resources exist," Zeller wrote in an Oct. 20, 2008, confidential memo.
The cosmetic department features ZuZu Luxe makeup and the popular Frownies, those nifty little press-on strips that promise to reduce wrinkles while you sleep.
I also learned to listen to the masters in their respective fields, from my four mentors in life who guided my career in international investment, agricultural development and publishing to a multitude of both historic and current figures. "It is not the strongest of the species that survive, nor the most intelligent, but the one most responsive to change," notes a quote attributed to Charles Darwin. What correct-thinking wisdom! There still is so much to learn from the greatest thinkers of current and past times.
Location: Yost Theatre, 307 N. Spurgeon St., Santa Ana
TRENTON — Motorists are paying slightly less at the pumps in New Jersey.
Jason Sample, who has the backing of Sheedy and the main city employees' union, is a pastor who has done yeoman's work in promoting youth programs and keeping community centers open.
Wind energy will one day play a significant role in America's energy future, as will other renewables. But that day will not come anytime soon, for it takes years to acquire approvals and permits, secure financing and build the infrastructure. America's oil and natural gas companies believe in alternative energy, and that is why they are investing billions of dollars in developing the technologies that will get us to a green energy future. But they are also working to make certain that Americans have the energy they need in the meantime.
Like "Sarah Marshall," "The Five-Year Engagement" touches on themes of love found and lost in a serious way, and to its credit, it does find some moments of emotional truth amid the inconsistent laughs. But man, it can be a messy slog to get to them.
The bank, he wrote, reviewed Galanida for an in-house modification in May but found he didn't qualify.
And what made McCarver think that this front-door intentional slider wasn’t accidental? Maybe it was unintentional.
As we leave, the staffer says, "But he WAS short."
As the wave of revolution continues to sweep through the Arab world, the Syrian regime of Bashar Assad could be its next victim. While many in the United States and Israel appear hesitant to support Syria's anti-regime forces — basing their thinking on the old maxim that the devil you know is better than the one you don't — this viewpoint overlooks the major benefits both for the United States and for Israel if the Assad regime is ousted.
Investigators don't know whether the pilots may have fallen asleep, but National Transportation Safety Board spokesman Keith Holloway said Friday that fatigue and cockpit distraction will be looked into. The plane's flight recorders were brought to the board's Washington headquarters.
Issue 2 supporters portrayed their plan as being more sensible than measures they said would be pushed by vegans and animal-rights activists. They singled out the Humane Society of the United States, which has helped to impose restrictions in seven other states.
Burglary report. 1:24 p.m. Monday. 23800 block of Villena. The caller said her jewelry was taken on Friday by someone who came through an open window. The caller has been waiting around to give him a chance to return the property.
It wasn't just Clooney who seemed flustered. Sandra Oh, who won the TV best supporting actress award ("Grey's Anatomy") was so befuddled she could barely navigate through the maze of tables on her way to the stage. Others wept. It was the old story. Every year actors seem overcome with joy at winning a Golden Globe, and every year the question inevitably crosses the mind: Are they kidding, or what?
In a statement, disciplinarian Brendan Shanahan said one of the factors that went into the decision to limit punishment to a fine was that Weber's action was reactionary. Asked if the fine came with a warning, Weber replied, "I think it's pretty straightforward: Play to the edge and not over. It's cut and dry."
Chandler is a restricted free agent with Denver, and his agent has said Chandler intends to rejoin the Nuggets. His returns could be exactly what the Nuggets, who have lost six of their last eight games, need.
The show features entertaining songs and dancing from the 1970s through today -- complete with live music, unique costumes and original choreography.
Snow Ball - Winter Wonderland New Year's Eve Party: 7 p.m. Dec. 31. This hip hotel's party features a $100 hotel gift card with every ticket, wine, gourmet eats, hosted bars, live music, valet parking and even a cigar bar up on the roof, for those who like to puff. Room discounts are offered with a late checkout feature, for those who want to begin the new year well after noon! Reservations required - call or email nye@goclarendon.com.
Duke Ellington never won a Pulitzer Prize, but he came close. In 1965, the musical jury for the prizes recommended Ellington for the honor but the Pulitzer board, headed by the president of Columbia University, overruled the jury and refused to honor Ellington.
øPaterno family spokesman Dan McGinn said he had no information about the documents and referred questions to Penn State, which declined comment.
What makes this really good news is that in 2011, sales exceeded those of 2010 even though no tax credits were available to buyers who purchased a home last year.
Butts, wearing chains around his waist, feet and wrists, didn't speak during the proceeding. His lawyer entered the pleas for him. Butts often kept his face down, obscured by a mop of red hair.
The grand prize winner in Visual Arts is San Mateo High School student Angie Baltor for the 3D work "Distortion." The grand prize winner in Literary Arts is Aragon High junior Samantha R. Wong for the prose entry "Searching for a Snow Angel." The two $500 grand prizes are given for best development of the 2012 theme, "Quest."
The event, being held to coincide with World Breastfeeding Week, began in Canada in 2001 and now takes place in more than 19 countries.
After the accident, Hemingway returned to Oceanside and over the years helped coach the football teams at Oceanside High School and at Ranch Buena Vista High in nearby Vista.
It has turned into the biggest party of the year.
Darrell Clay, who does legal work for the Aircraft Owners and Pilots Association, said safety is the most compelling rationale for secrecy in a post-9/11 world.
"But it's just a temporary Band-Aid," he said. "Like in the 1930s, once the economy improves, you'll see another spike in the numbers."
Somber statistics, but the deepest devastation lies in Oregon's rural counties. And it's about to get worse, much worse. U.S. Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack predicted during his recent visit to Oregon that the federal program that provided as much as $253 million a year in payments to rural Oregon counties, the Secure Rural Schools Act, will not survive the Congressional supercommittee's work to cut $1.5 trillion from the federal budget deficit.
The latest charges in the case, filed two weeks ago, allege that a contractor bribed Dimora with a Las Vegas prostitute in exchange for a public contract. Dimora has said he only received a massage from the woman and that he paid for the service. He addressed the prostitute allegation and his sons' subpoenas for the first time in interviews last week with television reporters.
"Steve tests you, challenges you, frightens you," Todd Rulon-Miller, a friend and NeXT executive, said in "The Second Coming of Steve Jobs." "He uses this as a tactic to get to the truth."
It's the latest in a series of unconventional steps taken by the BSO to broaden its audience. In 2008, the symphony started OrchKids, an after-school program that provides musical instruments and meals to public school students. Two years later, it launched "Rusty Musicians" a training camp that gives amateur musicians a chance to play with the symphony.
against his or her will.
"While a small number of people would be directly affected by the individual responsibility requirement, the overall benefit to the population would be large," she said.
As she prepares to visit the Smithsonian Institution and National Zoo next week, White told the Associated Press she "very, very much favors" President Barack Obama in the election.
"We are confident that America's flying public is safe, thanks in part to changes that DOT and FAA have already made in response to these concerns and other whistleblower disclosures," the statement said.
Last month, the venue presented the Mark Morris Dance Group, which performed the pieces "The Muir," "Festival Dance" and "Socrates." It was a wonderful program, embodying the most expressive qualities of modern dance. Particularly impressive was "Festival Dance," set to music by Hummel that was performed live by a violin-cello-piano trio.
Under the current system, an emergency alert is broadcast when a child has been abducted and believed to be in grave danger, but that doesn’t generally include family cases of child abduction or child custody, according to the State Police.
Residents working with the Citizens Campaign civic group have spent the last month lobbying the school board and district to put insurance brokerage contracts up for public bid, or switch to the State Health Benefits Program to cut out the middleman broker and save the millions of dollars in commissions paid to Allen Associates and Ljuba under its past contracts.
Clemmensen gloved an Elias shot at 9:50 with Zubrus driving to the net.
Dramatic finish <U+0096> Among the day's more inspiring finishes was that of Jessica Johnston, 31, of San Francisco.
Hartfield went on to coach at a number of schools in Houston. If every student he touched told a story, Saturday's memorial service would still be going on.
"We'll be building the infrastructure that the market can't yet afford," said Elissa Gertler, the county's director of public and government affairs. "It will allow market companies to have access to infrastructure they'd not otherwise have."
"We're sensitive to tolls, we're sensitive to maintenance, we're sensitive to being responsible to the local (turnpike) communities," he said.
Analysts warned that the election results could derail the eurozone's plan for recovery. That could further disrupt an economy that consumes 18 percent of the world's oil.
"The fact that (Piedad) was arrested is disgusting," 89-year-old Delphine Von-Der Linden said today. "She did nothing wrong."
On March 23, Gallacinao said, "Now we're able to refocus our efforts from finding Martha to timelines" and possible motives for the killings, Gallacinao said. "It does appear on face value that Abel did kill Martha Gutierrez and then committed suicide."
There are some state dollars involved, but the grants rely mostly upon federal financing to buy equipment and pay for building modifications and other critical items that could make the difference between a nursing home placement or more independent living.
Let me give you an example of a case in which I think the IRS really blew it. We reported a Baptist church in northern Arkansas back in 2004 where the pastor has held a service on Independence Day. Part of the church's service even included registering voters registration (no problem with that). However, the pastor gave a sermon while flanked by two large screens. As he would start talking about an issue, photographs of George W. Bush or Sen. John Kerry would be flashed on the screen. When he said "one candidate" is fighting terrorists, a very nice official White House photo of Bush was shown; he'd then note in a mocking tone that "the other candidate believes we are not at war at all but in a lawsuit." An unflattering picture of Kerry in a crowd was shown. It went on like this for several issues. Bush was praised and Kerry was belittled.
"With all due respect to the governor, I think that's highly naive," she said. "We have to recognize what's happening on the ground. [There] are nuclear weapons all across this nation, and potentially Al Qaeda could get ahold of these weapons. These weapons could find their way out of — out of Pakistan into New York City or into Washington, D.C., and a nuclear weapon could be set off in this city. That's how serious this is."
øThat self-deprecation is typical Grant, says Pirates director Peter Lord. "He has this very British style. He deflects compliments. He makes a joke of everything. He's a great comic and can be very playful. We worked together to find a voice, to find a style."
As part of the donation, an in-store demonstration on how to use the defibrillator in case of an SCA emergency was provided for some of the Market’s staff.
$4,000,000, Multi-Campus Base Facility Energy Independence Integration – Kaptur
Over the following two years, the killer may have struck again, investigators think - this time in three separate incidents in Texas where two shopkeepers were killed. One survived, a bullet lodged in her neck. In these cases, the gun did not match the one used in the previous series of murders, but investigators still noted the similarities of the crimes.
"The economy is firmly on a growth trajectory," said Sung Won Sohn, an economics professor at California State University's Smith School of Business. "The first-quarter slowdown will be temporary."
Charles: I know! John Marshall and Thurgood Marshall.
Koss contended in the suit that Social Security had accepted his payoff of the debt on May 13, 2010, the same day that, prosecutors alleged Wednesday, he mailed the “Registered Private Money Order” to the government.
It was not, however, an immediate success. In fact, at one point Rosenbaum nearly gave up on the camp.
Stamper said liberals in Canada have labeled the offer a bribe to the state.
Major natural gas producers recently cut back on production, as prices linger around a 10-year low. But analysts say they're not doing enough to reduce the glut.
TV/radio: 1:05 p.m.; FSD, WXYT-FM (97.1).
The ISM, a trade group of purchasing executives based in Tempe, Ariz., compiles its service sector index by surveying about 375 purchasing executives across the country.
Although one can almost never go wrong with fresh-cut fries, I subbed them out for the house potato salad, which proved another good choice. Cool and creamy, with intriguing, smoky notes, it was not long for my plate.
Among the most recent victims was an 85-year-old blind widow named Dorothy King. Her niece, Angenetta Allen, said Barnett deserved the harsh punishment.
RE: Well look, I have given you what I have in public. Look, you already know what you are going to do and so here's what we got. You are going to decide to narrow the definition of transparent. I stood in front of people. This is not like, by way of reference, in contrast to draw the definition even clearer. Neither the water issue or the speed cameras was a no-bid contract. Nothing could be more public. Nothing.
"Since the summer of his ninth-grade year, Dre's been on a quest to be great. Not good, but great," said Ali Smith, Kirkpatrick's former defensive coordinator at Gadsden City High.
Henry Art Gallery: Founded in 1927 on the University of Washington campus, the Henry was the state's first public art museum. It prides itself on risk-taking: The oldest museum often features the newest art. Details: www.henryart.org.
--Ryan Braun's third homer Monday night was the first earned run allowed by RHP Ernesto Frieri since April 8.
Lake County Commissioner Robert Aufuldish is one board member who believes that honoring Dimora for his past good works is appropriate.
In the case of the Florida law, ALEC said it did not inspire the law but instead used it as a model that other states could mimic, arguing that it doesn't allow you to pursue a confrontation but allows you to defend yourself from an immediate danger.
Developers in the Mojave Desert last month were so keen on going forward with their project that they didn't consult with Native Americans about the ancient objects that might lie underground or conduct the required archaeological work in a thorough way. This has happened before: It happened most recently in downtown Los Angeles last year at the site of one of the area's oldest burial grounds. Now it's happening again 200 miles east, in the desert.
This poses a danger to anyone who has this peanut food allergy.
The hospital performs 20,000 deliveries a year—about one every 30 minutes—a more-than-tripling since 2003, says Superintendent Narendra Chhangani. Most births occur in a labor room barely changed in some three-quarters of a century. The hospital's 400 obstetrics beds are served by 15 gynecologists, Dr. Chhangani says, half the number needed.
The already burning issue will escalate this weekend with protests around the country, including one in Los Angeles where police are preparing for a crowd of 100,000.
This spring, the board will prepare a strategic plan that will explore alternate funding sources and other plans to either maintain the agency's operations or to phase it out with a successful conclusion. Stakes are high, though, and some board members worried openly about a "cliff," where the agency shuts down abruptly, jeopardizing projects under way and risking the criticism of a "squandered" investment.
The bills are among dozens of reforms to Arizona's child-welfare system planned in the coming months. But it remains to be seen whether the efforts -- which focus on what happens after CPS receives a report -- will reduce CPS caseloads, slow the steady rise in the number of foster children or improve the safety of children.
It’s unclear whether Christie will start paying into the state’s pension fund. And his administration has warned local officials to not expect restorations to state aid, which was cut by $446 million in the last budget, and school aid, which was cut $820 million. But some local officials are concerned there could be further cuts.
Dealt that blow after a couple of high-profile trial losses, the U.S. Attorney’s Office had considered taking the matter to the full 3rd Circuit.
Suede Blue
Pujols' lead agent, Dan Lozano, visited camp last week without engaging the club in negotiations over an extension. Pujols has asked the club to refrain from commenting on the matter but insisted he believes an agreement is possible. "If we start talking all it takes is 24 hours to reach an agreement. I don't think it takes a month or two months or a year," said Pujols, who is under contract through 2011 but enjoys veto power over any deal following the 2010 season. "When you start talking it can two or three days and that's it, you get it done. If they make an offer and I'm pleased with the offer we'll get it done."
“Jane explained that the goal of the program is to create stewardship by fostering pride of place in the children who will decide our region’s future.
With a young tree like yours, it should be deeply watered approximately every two weeks during the dry season. The frequency will depend on your soil type.
PG-13, for intense action and violence, a scene of sensuality and language. 98 minutes.
<U+FFFD> Peel color is not an indicator of maturity or taste in citrus. Give citrus the taste test. If fruit is not sweet enough for your liking, leave on the tree for a while longer.
"He's an excellent pick-and-roll player," Thibodeau said. "He can push the ball in transition. He's a terrific 3-point shooter. He has good quickness. And he knows how to run the team. He understands his teammates' strengths and weaknesses. He has played with the starters and bench guys. He has a really good feel for that."
MIAMI -- Ohio State dropped out of the AP top 25 for the first time since 2004, ending the longest streak in the nation of top 25 appearances. The Buckeyes had been ranked for 103 straight weeks. The Buckeyes still got some votes, and were 26th in the coaches poll and 32nd in the AP. ...
Decades later these two men, who had never met, became, respectively, a doctor and a nutrition researcher. Independently, and in different ways, they both came to the same conclusion: The foods they ate growing up, that they long had believed helped the human body thrive, were actually responsible for clogged arteries, heart disease, and premature death.
He thinks the community needs to become more involved with them.
It took firefighters about five minutes to bring the blaze under control, House said. No firefighters were injured.
Mikael Liss
For the first time in Bravo history, the ‘friend’ who goes to an event with the Housewife does not stir up trouble! This leads me to believe that Shannon is the only person in tonight’s episode that I would count on in an emergency situation. It also leads me to believe that she is not really Alexis’ friend, but perhaps a court-appointed liaison of some sort.
NEOSA, the technology network of the Council of Smaller Enterprises, presented the awards at a ceremony at LaCentre Conference and Banquet Center in Westlake. The 6th annual "Tech Week" is part of a series of events and programs centered around the IT industry that attracted about 700 people throughout the week, according to organizers.
“A new political wind is blowing,” Dalin said at one point Wednesday night.
The state Board of Education will have to implement the testing policy changes before they take effect.
Some industry analysts think production cuts by Japanese automakers could help General Motors, Ford, Chrysler, Hyundai and other automakers that have not been hit as hard by parts shortages.
Police said the other driver, Thomas A. Tritt, 55, of O'Fallon, Mo., was driving a 2009 Freightliner.
Rev. Jimmy Gates of the Ministerial Alliance cautioned that the task force is in its infancy. He said the group is trying to include as many of the victims' families as possible and wants to gather feedback from all who would be effected by the plan.
Today marks the opening of the Rutgers Football spring practice. The team will space out 15 practices over the next month and will practice will conclude with the Spring Game to be played on Saturday, April 28th at 3pm.
After intermission, he led a ruggedly vehement interpretation of Beethoven's Symphony No. 4. Robert Schumann called the work "a slender Grecian maiden between two Nordic giants" (i.e. the Third and Fifth symphonies), but Bell must not have got the memo. It was a performance marked by quick tempos (even the opening Adagio was faster-than-usual), virtuosic and gritty playing. The underlying rhythmic mechanics were gunned. Bows popped, contrasts were seized.
dramatic changes in the very nature of punitive damage awards."
Just look at what it took for them to win a series for the first time this season:
BAGRAM AIR FIELD, Afghanistan - President Barack Obama is telling troops in Afghanistan that Osama bin Laden got his justice one year ago, as the president stirs up memories of his signature foreign policy victory in a secret trip to this war zone.
"He was asked to do a job, he did it very well -- too well," said his lawyer Stephen King.
control of the country in a state of emergency and occupy a
When it comes to these kind of supplements, it should be said that Muscle Milk seems to be one of the better-tasting ones. A couple of years ago, while attending the annual Arnold Sports Festival in Columbus (a multisport fitness competition), a group of us sampled about 10 different brands of these liquid protein supplements, and Muscle Milk was by far the least powdery-tasting brand.
The 10,850 square-foot store, which has an exterior entrance to the mall, is going into the space formerly occupied by the restaurant Wapango.
Similar freedom reigns at Commonwealth, home to one of the most compelling lists of the moment. Elliott, in her first wine job, quickly realized that the quietly radical bent of chef Jason Fox's food (think lamb tongue with artichokes and pistachio) almost demanded more daring wines.
Even if you're not Irish, you still can become a leprechaun for a day by sampling a cocktail made with a wee dram of Irish whiskey.
Robert Martin, 40, who was accused of committing one of the state’s largest-ever bank heists, freed himself from his constraints about 9:30 a.m., assaulted a corrections officer and ran, officials from Hudson and Essex counties said.
Check this list often as new tips, events and deals around Florida come in:
(3) Otis (9-1) at (1) Fleming (11-0)
The gist is this: The drugs are now generics and not big money-makers for pharmaceutical companies. The one drug cited most often is called methotrexate, but there are dozens of others used to treat cancer that also are in short supply.
FIRST-DEGREE BURGLARY: Police arrested two suspects for breaking into a house at 12:30 a.m. April 23 in the 4000 block of Winnebago Street. The resident inside the house was not injured.
It's not that he's a burned-out doctor, it's just that he wants every patient to have the kind of care he tried to provide in his practice in Philadelphia's Mount Airy section.
The starting shooting guard on the Bulls' second three-peat teams suffered his injury with the Clippers in January 1990. He disputes the theory it changed his game from a high-flying scorer to a defensive specialist, saying he averaged over 18 points his next four seasons and toned down his offense merely because he later played alongside Jordan and Scottie Pippen.
Everyone's in a good mood before the American Cancer Society ball. The ladies go shopping and get Sally a dress because she wants to go to the ball with her "papa." "Papa" said the French way.
Wong has agreed to a bonus of $1.3 million and will report to Class A Quad Cities on Monday.
The grid modernization plan was authorized in a bill approved by the legislature last year. The sweeping measure also established a formula for setting future electric rates in Illinois.
ARBOR LODGE
What a difference a year makes. The Cards are sorting through their relievers rather than searching for them.
Jordan Hall, Carlos Hyde, Rod Smith and true freshman Bri'onte Dunn, who enrolled early for spring ball, will fight into the fall to see if one really is that kind of back, or if the Buckeyes are better mixing and matching to their different skills. What Meyer and Drayton want to make clear, however, is that if that guy is there, now or on the recruiting trail, they will use him.
Why it's hot: Sure, Ybor City can be fun. But if you really want to dance — salsa, merengue, bachata — head to Mirage, which offers the hottest Latin nights in Tampa Bay. Wednesday delivers free drinks for women until midnight and no cover all night, plus free shots and $2 Coronas. There might be a wait to get in, but inside, couples are dancing in every corner of the bar. The party keeps going on Fridays, when the dress code is a little tighter — but everyone gets in free until 11 p.m.
Asked whether she was worried Ross' exit might affect the marketing of her Pixar animated film "Brave," producer Katherine Sarafian quickly changed the subject.
Whitaker did not return Tuesday to the idea that his client was acting at times as Democratic chairman.
While saying he was flattered to be compared to Salisbury, Seeger said he could not determine if Russia was "the most developed, undeveloped country or the least developed, developed country."
Within the next three months, the hamburger giant said it will re-list its shares on the New York Stock Exchange. The last time Burger King traded publicly was from 2006 to 2010, when investment firm 3G Capital took it over for a whopping $3.3 billion and turned it private.
Isabel's parents say they last saw her in her bedroom the night of April 20 and discovered she was missing the next morning. Police say a window was open with the screen pushed aside.
Kalis (6-5, 305), regarded as one of the top junior linemen in the country, also wanted to play for Jim Tressel, who resigned Monday. That's why Kalis' first reaction was to pull back his oral, non-binding commitment with Ohio State, which he announced last September.
In a 42-35 overtime loss to Eastern Washington, Safron showed his athleticism by rushing for 100 yards, but he attempted only one pass. Edwards was the more polished passer with 18 completions in 26 attempts for 223 yards and two touchdowns.
So, too, are Marcel's visits to Arletty, though in a different way. When can you come home? he asks, a fresh bunch of flowers in his hand each time. Soon, soon, she assures him, and bans him from visits for a couple of weeks, ostensibly because she is undergoing treatment, but really because she worries about him seeing her decline.
Silver Creek def. Broomfield 25-21, 25-20, 25-19
In Atlanta, for instance, former Superintendent Beverly Hall won national recognition as Superintendent of the Year in 2009. State investigators later confirmed scores that year were widely manipulated by educators who assisted students improperly and outright changed tens of thousands of their answers on state tests.
Kim runs the Edgar Joyce Senior Center in Upper Deerfield.
Assistant Principal Jessica Poe, 34, called police to the school shortly before 11 a.m. April 18 after the boy kicked Principal Patrick Lumbley, 41, according to a Shelbyville police report.
Because it was performed out of sequence and some of the pieces are largely explicative, it took a while for the show to flow properly and gain momentum. Eventually, it did, though, and highlights such as the lovely harmonies on "Goodbye Blue Sky," the bump-and-grind of "Young Lust" - complete with the pole dancers - and the full-on arena rock of "Run Like Hell" shone through.
He hopes to make the USA World Junior team in late June in Des Moines, Iowa.
"We get a mix of radio buffs and researchers," she said. "It's one of the hidden treasures of the library."
The administration of President Obama dropped earlier military-commission charges against them when it decided in late 2009 to try them in federal court in New York. But Congress blocked the civilian trials amid opposition to bringing the defendants to U.S. soil, especially to a courthouse located just blocks from the trade center site.
The president said he was taking a personal position. Aides said the president's shift would have no impact on current policies and he continues to believe that marriage is an issue best decided by states.
Hall issued a solo album of new songs, "Laughing Down Crying," in 2011 but he's not using his Nu-Soul Revue to promote it.
Community leaders described the conference as a small but mighty economic engine, driving global interest in Northeast Ohio's farmers markets, urban gardens and Cleveland's venerable indoor market. Held every few years, the conference involves roughly 300 people, including market managers, planners and designers.
The insurance company that paid Dossman nearly $60,000 to repair the fire-damaged property is suing her, claiming she cashed the check and hasn't provided documentation for repairs, court documents show. The lender, Downey Savings & Loan Association, claimed it took care of repairs itself and the insurance company said it had to pay the lender an additional $46,000, the suit alleges.
The coalition's audit uncovered a number of inconsistencies in application of the Sunshine Law, including:
* Retiring existing college building debt;
The increased physicality has been a point of emphasis for the Giants in recent weeks after a run of elite tight ends bullied defensive backs and burned linebackers during their four-game losing streak in the regular season.
Some other notable projects
Kelly, who recently spoke of having 'sleepless nights and nightmares," wrote to Public Works Director Debra Aylsworth in May and met with public works officials on June 14. Then she received a letter from John Zimmerman, assistant public works director, stating the water meter the city installed at her home did not malfunction when tested in May and that the city could not offer an adjustment to her bill on the basis of meter error.
She claimed she was given a smaller salary and bonuses than male executives, and that the company excluded women from informal social networks.
Barring any natural catastrophe, kidnapping, or alien invasion, I'll be at the first home match, and every match after that.
Yossef Bodansky, a terrorism expert who wrote a biography of Bin Laden, labeled him "the man who declared war on America." For former President George W. Bush and countless Americans, he was simply "the evil one."
There are at least 350 Gloucester County residents who never made it home so there is more work to be done. The community’s assistance in identifying those residents who may be eligible to be placed on the wall is crucial.
Good Nature also offers a product called Natural Weed Buster, made from sugar beets. "It's the best thing we've found that's all organic," Norris said.
The patrol officer is relieved to see her. "He's got a mouth on him," the officer warns.
Blazers coach Nate McMillan: "He was just a monster out there tonight, both in the paint as well as on the boards. I think he is a guy that has the ability to average a double-double."
The start of the decathlon was delayed one hour and 45 minutes by heavy rain, thunder and lightening.
Tollefson visited the Raiders, Green Bay Packers, Seattle Seahawks and Tennessee Titans over the past two weeks.
The first 6 million to 7 million doses of the H1N1 will be available the first week, mostly in the form of nasal sprays, with a small amount available in injections. They'll be shipped from five manufacturers to providers such as doctors, pharmacies and schools identified by state governments.
Speaking Thursday on Capitol Hill, Treasury Secretary Timothy Geithner said the new agency's mission would be to look out for consumers by promoting "plain vanilla" financial products "with straightforward pricing."
Holding signs that said <U+0093>We<U+0092>re fed up,<U+0094> two women who said they organized the event handed out T-shirts they paid for.
"Very few survivors of child sexual abuse engage with the criminal justice system. It is important that the cases which come before the courts are not jeopardized in any way," said Maeve Lewis, director of One in Four.
A friend was at the show and called me afterward. He said only eight to nine thousand fans were rat the show.
"She was always doing that sort of thing," Griesser says.
He's already running ads in both Iowa and New Hampshire - positive spots that highlight his economic record - but he's not yet on the air with the heavy levels that usually come at this point in the campaign, as voters start paying attention.
Per serving: 317 calories, 43 g protein, 17 g carbohydrate, 7 g fat (1 g saturated), 184 mg cholesterol, 748 mg sodium, 4 g fiber.
He inserted Crombeen into the lineup and when Chris Stewart was returned to the starting set for Game 3, Hitchcock put the Nichol-Crombeen-Langenbrunner trio back together. They became a momentum-stealing combo, especially over the last two games.
Dickey spoke of Reyes’ exuberant spirit, his personality. Manager Terry Collins said that Reyes came over to him and asked about David Wright’s injury.
- In Atlanta, about 100 people rallied outside the state Capitol, where a law targeting illegal immigration was passed last year. They called for equal rights for all workers and an end to local-federal partnerships to enforce immigration law.
CHEERS . . . to Avon Mayor James Smith for changing course on what had been a plan to assess nearby property owners for up to a third of a $27 million to $33 million Interstate 90 interchange at Nagel Road. The city, as it should, now expects to pay its share without an extra burden on a small number of residents..
As the scandal enters its seventh month, all but one of Ficano's top aides has exited county government, leaving behind an embattled boss fighting for his political life.
Mesquite has long been a popular place for seniors. Shockie Macchia, 80, is a longtime fan.
So let’s be clear.
It looked like the competition would be close. As soon as the editors added up the scores, Bauer burst into the room and announced, "We have a winner."
What we liked: California rolls, sprouted old-world bread, fennel and citrus salad, carrots and parsnips mashed with roasted leeks, the large selection of whole-grain salads. Overall, the offerings were the tastiest of the five supermarkets we tested.
So there it was, her big moment of discovery. Boys, the inscrutable Other Gender, sometimes
From hordes tromping down red carpets from January through December, we nominate these ladies as the Best Dressed of 2011:
"This type of behavior has always existed, but it seems like it's … becoming more of a problem," Davitt said. "We certainly respect the First Amendment, but the courts have made clear … that the First Amendment does not protect fraudulent speech. Clearly that was the case here. It wasn't just political speech. It was fraudulent speech."
Indeed, over the last three years, Nasdaq has actually closed the gap on NYSE, rising 120 percent compared to about 100 percent. Though NYSE may reclaim its all-time high first, if the trend continues, it is not impossible to believe that the Nasdaq just might top its own dot-com high.
If school districts can erect roadblocks like these, the chances of any trigger petition ever succeeding are tiny. The purpose of the law was to empower parents to bring about change, not to invent new ways to frustrate them.
And so it went: A quick lunch in Chinatown, a merchant walk in the Sunset, where he met up with his parents and talked up his support for a ban on shark-fin soup, a stroll down 24th Street in Noe Valley.
Obama also met Monday with volunteers for President Barack Obama's re-election campaign. Colorado and Arizona, where she was traveling later Monday, are key states in the presidential election.
‘‘We believe in each other and we believe this group is a special team,'' Toews said. ‘‘It's pretty frustrating we couldn't make it further than we did.''
School chancellor Victor Boschini called the students’ actions “simply unacceptable.”
More Details: T. Arnold Boezaart
It was the first U.S. win over Canada in the world championships since 2001.
Simitian, Joe, D-Palo Alto: 2009 Nissan Altima Hybrid; $34,287; $127.31.
Exxon increased earnings even though it produced less oil and natural gas liquids. Benchmark crude prices rose 20 percent from a year ago.
— Cognizant Technology Solutions Corp. plunged 14 percent after the information technology services provider lowered its forecast for the full year on low demand, echoing the bleak outlook from other rivals due to the uncertain global economy.
But Mountain Ridge was unable to weather the elements Wednesday night in the winner's bracket final, losing 4-3 to second-seeded Mesa Red Mountain in a clash of Mountain Lions-named teams.
Some would argue that flogging isn't harsh enough. While this moves beyond the facile belief that flogging is too cruel to consider, if flogging shouldn't be offered because it's too soft -- if we need to keep people locked up precisely because overcrowded jails and prisons are so unbelievably horrific -- then perhaps we need to question our humanity.
Related Star-Ledger video
The move stems from alleged "material misstatements" Egan-Jones made when it applied to regulators in 2008 ...
This week, the same footage of Quinn was used in an ad by Building a Better Ohio with a voiceover chiming in: "She's right. By voting 'no' on Issue 2, our safety will be threatened."
Smaller groups of about five participants will meet between classes for peer-mentoring sessions.
"The governor made an absolutely bad judgment call on this," said Rep. Lynn Wachtmann, a Republican from Napoleon who sponsored the bill. "Evidently, he wants the environmentalists, the wackos, to write this bill.
The Essex County bomb squad and bomb technicians from the FBI responded to the scene, Lahey said.
-Bukowski's grave: No. 875
“Despite my feeling that it is unfair that some customers would have to pay for parking while others wouldn’t, I think that in the end the benefit to the NJ Transit system is probably worth it,” Klag said.
Senior Elise Viox, a standout during the cross county season before an injury sidelined her late in the fall, is expected to compete in the 800- and 1,600-meter races and also be a key part of the 3,200-relay team. But that could change as the season goes along.
La Michoacana, 344 Washington Ave., Homestead; (786) 243-1138. Mexican paletas, ice cream and aguas frescas in exotic fruit flavors.
It was a frustrating day for my guys, but I walked away from Long Beach very happy about the speed we showedm because that pace will be very important at our next race in Sao Paulo, Brazil.
Cunningham was cleared to play just prior to tipoff in the Blazers’ last game, a 109-103 victory over the Chicago Bulls at the Rose Garden, but McMillan elected not to play him. It was the first game the second-year player has missed all season.
Last year, the city arranged for masons to dislodge the cornerstone. Underneath it, they found a large mason jar crammed with 1886 newspapers and city documents, which are being copied and preserved.
Deglaze the pan with the red wine and add the honey, lemon zest and juice, almonds and olives. Cook until the juices have thickened, about 3 minutes, then season to taste with salt and pepper. Allow to cool completely at room temperature, then chill until cold, about 30 minutes.
How else to explain legislation to ban food trucks near schools, bar discrimination against unemployed people, remove the word "retarded" from all state statutes, or impose a $10 per patron tax on strip joints that serve alcohol, though strip joints can't serve booze in California.
He made both free throws awarded for the Chandler shot, then banked in a 20-footer from the left wing while getting hit by Smith 10 seconds later for what became a five-point possession for Miami.
STATE FUNDING RECEIVED
The finale is usually two weeks before Christmas and puts the winners single in the race to top the UK Singles Chart, and claim the Christmas Number 1 spot <U+0096> something which is seen iconic here. Due to the success of The X Factor, they have dominated the Christmas Number 1 spot for many years. That came to an end last year when a Facebook campaign to stop Simon Cowell and the winner of the X Factor getting to number 1 succeeded.
Rob Base, best remembered for the smash “It Takes Two,” kicked off the proceedings with a brief yet enjoyable set. Also on the bill were Whodini, Doug E. Fresh and Kurtis Blow.
Additional information about the marriage rally can be found at Support Gay Marriage in Ohio Facebook page, or by calling (513) 367-0223.
YG97; 95; 93; 91
territories and resources, including those which were traditionally
Texture, though, is spot on. Moist on the inside, perfectly baked on the outside, and the smell is divine.
is never enough to
Actually, 155.8 as of this morning. So, I've lost about 7 pounds since my last McFatty Monday post a couple of weeks ago. That also brings my total weight loss to 19 pounds over the last two months. Pretty good, eh?
*** I have decided that I really enjoyed putting together my flashback blog, especially the posts regarding the musical artists of the 70's and 80's, and have decided to keep that blog alive….by transferring its posts to my main blog…..one musical act at a time. Fear not, I will still do my usual goofy comedy blogs, intermixed with the occasional delusional political rant, non-stop complaining and whining about my physical health, and the ever-so-rare serious post or two, while I sneak these music posts onto the blog each evening. I really love music and will listen to almost anything that is out there. I really loved the music of the 70's and 80's and my flashback blog was a way for me to revisit a bunch of the great music and artists of that time frame. These music flashbacks will hopefully take those of you my age back to some fond memories. For those of you that are young, chances are you may have not heard of some of these artists. I’ll post a different musical flashback each evening until all the posts off my flashback blog have been transferred. Once I have them done, ya’ll can help me make a list of all the great artists I have yet to get to from that era. Why am I transferring these instead of just resuming blogging on my flashback blog? Well, to tell the truth….I’m lazy. I want to do both blogs but I don’t want to bounce back and forth any more than you want to bounce back and forth by adding yet another blog to your reading. So…on with the posts….. and first up….
My image is coloured with copics and a little bit of sparkle from stickles. I love this little swing into spring image and thought this card made a good Easter card.
Knows.
By David Cohen It’s been a good couple of weeks for China’s conservative press and a bad one for the image of liberal governments, as democracies battle crises ranging from the US budget standoff to Britain’s ongoing riots. …
Her: It feels like dancing.
1/2 tsp ground cumin
(407): I need a secretary to manage my drinking schedule.
1.) What is your biggest regret in life?
About Infinitive Analytics
Work is great, same as usual. Payday this Friday yay!
David had four bids out for great projects. His company had finished another project and was waiting for the final approval from his client. The phone was not ringing. His email and phone calls were not being returned. Most of all he was not hearing from his best client. This was a scary place to be so he called me to ask what was going on.
That’s too bad. College is all about eating pizza.
Gone are the days when I used to read in bed at night for hours.
Well, you get the idea.
Neither Americans nor the Afghan people asked for this war. Yet, for a decade, we’ve stood together to drive al Qaeda from its camps, to battle an insurgency, and to give the people of Afghanistan the possibility to live in peace and in dignity. The wages of war have been great for both our nations. But today, with the signing of the Strategic Partnership Agreement, we look forward to a future of peace.
"Mid pleasures and palaces though we may roam, be it ever so humble, there's no place like home"!
She tries to sit up.
I found a recipe that I am going to make for Ofir's work people. Or co-workers. Or whatever you call people your husband works with. I am going to whip them up tomorrow. I'll be sure to take a picture and show you. They are fantastically cute for the Christmas season.
I was also unaware that when Labour were returned to power, Blair felt obliged, due to his long but mostly anonymous service, to give him a ministerial prize as a sort of New Labour gold watch, he was given the post of Chancellor of the Duchy of Lancaster. This is at best a one day a week job, where the bulk of the work is done by an actual deputy, thus freeing up the MP to loaf around pretending
Imagine 40,000 letters arriving in some one's office with one central message; James Dolan must not be allowed to continue as M.F.I.C. of Madison Square Garden.
Sorry I've been crazy busy. I have a gallery opening tomorrow in York. A good thing. York is a small town, but its where I live and teach so perhaps people will show up. My last few shows have been in New Jersey at Shazza's which was awesome, Elizabethtown (terrible), and Lancaster. Lancaster has a great art scene but I felt like I didn't belong. I do not live in Lancaster and I do not paint the Amish. You either paint the Amish or you need some trendy shtick which I do not do.
1 8 oz. block* of extra sharp cheddar cheese
I have to go back to the docs on Friday at 4:50pm for the results of today!
When they reached the point they could no longer follow, and Papa courageously and graciously went on on his own, Nanny and the rest of the family watched him go, their tears and each other being the only things to sustain them. When they could no longer see him on the horizon, they just stood there, staring blankly, not quite sure what to do. When they looked around and saw each other, they realized how tightly they were gripping onto each other’s hands. Then they realized they didn’t know where to go. They were lost. Without papa there, they weren’t sure where the marsh was, how far their trip would be, or even if it was worth going back. They wanted to run as fast as they could to get back, where they felt warm, where they felt loved, where they felt whole. But buckets of tears are heavy, and a dark path is hard to navigate.
Favorite number: not sure I have one
Since his previous releases, Manni has busied himself with university and studying towards his degree. However, the ambitious musician continues to produce and develop his musical skills and still regularly trains and learns the keyboard, tumbi and harmonium; samples of which have been viewed by thousands on Youtube. Not limiting himself and being creative, Manni says that you will get to hear a variety of sounds and influences on the album.
*That is a Bryant and May mystery by Christopher Fowler. If you like mysteries and have a thing for London these are the best.
"Please eat, they're not poisoned!"
Maybe there's room for a resurrection in the future.
Of course, my first thought was, "My fans! They need me to share this with them immediately!"
arrested in a house at the
-2 cloves garlic
Now, then. A couple, three days back I posted a survey asking readers to cast (with limited choices) their favorite crime fic characters. I'm probably alone in this, but I found the results fascinating.
Audi R18 e-tron quattro is the name of the new Le Mans prototype that makes its race debut on May 5 in the 6-hour race at Spa-Francorchamps (Belgium) and fights for overall victory at the famous 24 Hours of Le Mans (France) on June 16/17. Audi unites two technologies in a fascinating way to create a new type of drive, which is also already being tested for future use in production cars: e-tron quattro.
All around, if the first issue is any indication, we're in for a dark ride.
When we got back from dinner, The Pilot and I exchanged gifts. He got me some fantastic Lululemon winter running gear and I got him the new Kindle Fire. I was so excited to see how surprised he was with his gift. It totally made my Christmas. After exchanging gifts, we passed out and woke up at 4:30 the next morning so that he could continue his trip and I could make the trek back to Newark. I spent the day with my mom lounging around watching movies and then he came over and set up his new Kindle Fire. Mom and I watched "It's a Wonderful Life" which I can now cross off The Movie List and I absolutely loved it.
She finally got to travel this summer. She went to NY, Pennsylvania, New Jersey, Boston, and Connecticut on college tours. Lucky!! She got to stay in a fabulous hotel in Times Square and see "Rock of Ages" on Broadway, they even stayed after the show to take a picture with Constantine (from American Idol). She came home with a shirt that says "Hooray for boobies"
I have an energetic almost 4 year old, who healed my heart on the day he was born.
Hell, my klutzy, messy self should barely be trusted to carry something white. Therefore, this $20 Forever21 Chanel-ish knockoff will be a good test as to whether or not I'm ready to move up in the fashion echelons.
It was a dark and stormy night (some cliché bullshit to start us off) and I, John Smithson had just finished a hard day's work down the cookie mine. Normally I'd have driven home but due to a spell of bad luck, my car was in for repair and I'd missed the last bus home. The walk was only a few miles so I just got on with it.
Solveig’s head is full of the myths she has grown up with, as well as the new Christian teaching that has recently reached Norway. She keeps returning to values embodied in each of them, as well as learning about Islam when she accompanies her father and Harald Sigurdsson to Sicily in the second of my Viking sagas, Scramasax. As in The King of the Middle March and Gatty’s Tale, I find myself drawn to crossing-places and their ferment: places between cultures, belief systems, between land and sea, between childhood and adulthood, innocence and experience, actuality and imagination.
It is a wishful desire…
These press lists are also one way you build up your personal press lists. When someone contacts you (in return or on their own) to set up an interview or ask about what you’re promoting, especially if you’re going to be reaching out about this particular product/person/event/company more than once, ask if they would like to be added to your press list for future updates and news. It’s like networking, really, just with a very specific purpose. Track who you’re adding to this list by keeping their names & where they work listed as well as their emails and/or phone numbers.
And, because each card is uniquely numbered our America's Hero receiving your card can contact you with their own words of "thanks" to you and your family via our website. This is how we close our "thank you" loop between you and America's Heroes.
2. Preheat oven to 400 degrees F. Remove pork from slow cooker, reserving cooking liquid. Using two forks, pull meat into coarse strands.*
I took an old man spill yesterday while pitching in middle school pe. I had bad shoes that wouldn't allow me to stop being propelled towards a ball that I was trying to catch. I fell on my shoulder, doing a tuck and roll, then rolled right over summersault, was back on my feet and the one little girl tossed me the ball to start pitching again. I didn't have time to think about what had happened but am a little achy today. I guess the little girl thought I was 13 and I roll around while playing the game all the time.
she does what i like to do and that is to photograph beautiful places!
5. Ringside boxing analyst: "Sure there have been injuries and even some deaths in boxing -- but none of them really that serious."
Into the syrup mixture, mix in half of the dry mixture, followed by half of the baking soda water, alternating until everything is incorporated and smooth but not overmixed. Bake for about 45 minutes, or until an inserted toothpick comes out clean.
Edgar Broughton Band- Out Demons Out
Blue used to be my favourite colour, but I think I'm shifting to ochre.
The only conclusion to make about Mr. Irvin …
Time to whip out your cookie cutters and go to town! Have fun with this part. No, really, I'll wait...
How many of you have seen the movie "Risky Business"? Joel’s parents are out of town, and when they call to check in one evening, they can tell by the noise level that he’s having a party. “Just a few friends,” Joel tells them, and his mother says it’s all right. “You know we trust you.” Of course, at that moment, Joel is running a brothel out of their home and there are prostitutes wearing his mother’s clothes.
Last night I got to celebrate the 1 year anniversary of meeting the man of my dreams ... then meeting his beautiful husband (that's my shout out to Alanis who has a new album coming out!). Sadly my darling bartender had the night off, so I had to drink my water alone in his honor. Oh the gossip - the gossip was dished, and crazy enough that is what helped me get this big weight off my shoulders! (Dirty little secret no more!) And best of all - I wasn't even there to participate in it. I was down the bar talking to a charming fellow instead. Yep. So things are turning around! I shed not a single tear today. I smiled all day instead! Halle-freaking-lujah!!
Voice ripped from a throat, left with no sound.
I noticed on several occasions staff would stop to talk to her. Absolutely nothing wrong with that, however, when she started to stutter and she couldn’t get the words out, they would slowly start walking down the hallway away from her as she was speaking. As they were moving down the hallway I would hear things from the staff like “Yeah, yeah….”, “Really?”, “See you later I have to go” and to be honest even “Hurry up and get it out. I don’t have time”. End result was she was left standing in the middle of the floor still trying to get her words out. I can only imagine how she must have felt when this happened.
Beat together cream cheese, margarine and sugars until creamed. Add the eggs and vanilla beat until creamed. Add the melted chocolate, mix well. Combine the flour and baking soda. Add to the creamed mixture. Mix well. Stir in oatmeal. Cover and chill for about an hour. Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. Shape the dough into 1 inch balls. Place about 3 inches apart on parchment lined baking sheets. Bake 8-10 minutes. The center of the cookies will be slightly moist yet. Cool for about a minute on the pan, then remove to a wire rack.
After hearing these words in my head the should disappeared and the want or desire to make it myself took over. It was an incredible feeling, I finally understood what so many artists have experienced, that absolute need to create.
Trying to build resilience into a system that’s already gotten itself into this bind is a difficult project at best. The point of these efficiency drives, after all, is to free up resources to support the standards of living of the privileged classes. Since these same privileged classes are the ones who have to sign off on any project to redirect resources toward resilience, the difficulties in convincing them to act against their immediate self-interest are not hard to imagine. Since efficiency tends to take an aura of sanctity in such cases – privileged classes, after all, are as prone as anyone else to convince themselves that what’s good for them is good for everyone – proponents of resilience face an uphill fight against deeply rooted assumptions. After all, who wants to go on record in support of inefficiency?
I do miss my Thanksgiving as a child and having my parents with me.
2000 – 2004: This was age 28 – 32 for me. I believe for most people, this age bracket is the “sweet spot”. If you’re going to climb Mount Everest, I’d suggest doing it around this time period. Your body is still pretty elastic and can recover from almost anything. I had no noticeable or memorable ailments around this time. I ran my first marathon here too.
Now, I sense you with me here…
a touch of
So...we improvised!
13. I toyed with the idea of using a pattern or a light purple silk for the window panels but ultimately decided I liked the color better on the walls. These airy smocked drapes from Pottery Barn are in keeping with the feminine room.
1/2 cup miso
I really hoped to add some type of open shelving to this empty wall. I even found a trio at the thrift store for a great price! But once my husband helped me hang them on the wall, the shelves made the room look cluttered. So they came down! All the ceramic pitchers I've been collecting over the last few years to display on said shelves are now being stored in the cabinets. Makes me so sad.
Add chocolate chips to the mix and done...right? Nope...
Sitting is definitely not good, either, and I find myself spending a LOT more time laying on the couch than I normally would. On the other hand, all of this ‘not working out’ time has forced me to be majorly productive. Over the weekend I looked into rolling over my pension plan from my old job into an individual account (the verdict is that I can’t do it until I pay off the loan I took from it), looked into finding a credit union, read a lot and updated my goals. I even opened the Japanese book I’ve been meaning to work from since January. Time. I has it.
Publishers must also learn to better embrace the most important part of publishing and selling books—the reader—and they must start to dispense with models of publishing which focus much of their marketing budgets on a fraction of their authors. In the new models of publishing for the future, the guideline will be strategic decisions based on building an identity with the consumer and connecting with physical and online communities. Less will be more. For the first time we will need to see large publishing houses focus on brand development and that may mean carving up some of their list into much smaller imprints with dedicated teams.
“Yes, I need the money. I have things I need to take care of.”
Whether it's convincing you to spend your money on useless junk, or building and promoting a progressive campaign of fear designed cause you to ask for "help" from the government, clearly,….If the sales pitch is tight, and the “experts” say it is so, the American people will buy into anything.
That person’s voice again.
We shared our insights in our book, Turning Guilt Trips into Joy Rides. We would love to have you visit www.friendsoftheheart.us to learn more about us, order the book, invite us to speak or just to enter our Blog Tour contest. We will give away a free half-hour telephone consultation on each of the following topics:
... if this is what happens, the GOP pretty much has to do a major reassessment. They will have to figure out a way to win back constituencies. My prediction is that their two biggest obstacles to regaining viability as a national party will be Latino voters and suburban women. They will have give up being the party of angry white men and make some kind of deal on comprehensive immigration reform. And they are going to have to stop these incredibly aggressive attacks on abortion rights and women's health. If they don't, they simply will not win the presidency ever again.
It apparently was quite a hit because I just finished making 9 of them for co-workers and one for myself!!
“When you do nothing, you feel overwhelmed and powerless. But when you get involved, you feel the sense of hope and accomplishment that comes from knowing you are working to make things better."
With BookAnd, you design your store, fill its bookshelves with your favorite books, write reviews for them, visit other Bookander's bookstores and add their books to your bookshelves - all at the tap of the screen.
"Blame the city," one of the guards said. "They issued the permit."
ScarbsF1: Can you tell us about why the concept’s changed, why you don’t feel that was a benefit this year?
Just stay. I’m not perfect.
The U.S. Conference of Catholic Bishops (USCCB) is criticizing the House Republican budget authored by Rep. Paul Ryan for cutting food stamps and other assistance programs for the poor.In a letter sent to the House Agriculture Committee on Monday, the bishops say the budget fails to meet certain “moral criteria” by disproportionately cutting programs that “serve poor and vulnerable people.”
Softly ten der ly like a lover's touch
I've still got loads of practising to do till I master her, and I still haven't even taken the Splitzer out for a run. But she's very fun to learn on, and now that I have my own scanner, I have so much more control.
I am not too much of a sporty girl but I do enjoy the outdoors...I enjoy working out, but the difficult part is getting there - once I'm there...I'm motivated and ready to burn my calories away. I also love swimminggg........especially on a really hot hot day......so refreshing. Other hobbies of mine consist of reading both fictional and non fictional books - they keep you sharp and on the ball.
And what of her “adventure”? Well, she spends a fortnight in a nunnery, where she takes comfort in routine and quiet, and then she takes a trip to Oz in search of a hermit and a hunk (naturally, she tells her nun advisers only of her desire to find the former). Nothing dramatic happens, though she does get to play Operation – yes, I do mean the battery-operated game – with Jesus (and even the son of God, it seems, struggles when it comes to extracting the tricky spare rib). I must not reveal, here, whether her travels result in the bagging of a husband. But I will say that this is a brave and beautiful book, and Lia is lucky to have a publisher who, though he must secretly have longed for another volume of Fluffy (her 2007 hit about a talking bunny and the neurotic man it takes for its father), has allowed her so intimately to follow her heart.
I hope you like it :)
By SAM HANANEL
It was a life of privilege to be sure, but there is an appealing pared-down simplicity to it as well. When they lived on the beach in Malibu, they lit fires in the fireplace to heat their home, she packed homemade fried chicken and strawberries with sour cream and brown sugar in Quintana's lunches and they had cucumber sandwiches for Quintana's sixteenth birthday lunch. Didion always packed the same list of simple necessities when she traveled. These small but intentional details aren't attributable so much to wealth as to taste - they're decisions and choices anyone could make.
“UCLA beating USC, human sacrifice, dogs and cats living together – mass hysteria!”
Please try it yourself and let me know what you think. If you’d prefer to see a one page version of the prawn biryani, click prawn biryani recipe.
Girl: "I don't know.?."
It is not surprising that chess was invented in India. The sight of two armies massed against each other, eyeball to eyeball, is a common sight on the crossings. The entire road is blocked due the classic battle formation taken up by the opposing sides of the traffic flow, and the issue is resolved only through war – verbal and physical.
The same tone was taken by Defence Minister Ahmad Zahid Hamidi who said he would not attend the Scorpene probe, and that Putrajaya would be sending any representatives either.
Without a thought of sleeping.
1910 Security were requested to provide two batteries for the door bell to Hugh Stewart House by the Hall Porter of Hugh Stewart Hall Security attended.
08. Leave it 3:54
But, as to the aforementioned type of CDL, as Seinfeld would say, “Not that there’s anything wrong with that!” But Dog and I have a more profound, spiritual bond, based not upon our "image" or the fleeting notice and approval of others. (Also, Dog growled loudly and fiercely when we attempted to dress him up in a white jumpsuit and cape as Elvis Dog on his first Halloween. And he prefers to sit perched on the top cushion of our bedroom chair than to be confined in any type of bag—even a designer-type.) Dog is a free spirit and I honor and respect that about him!
The Vimeo site notes that “This video is a collaboration between Sheldon Neill and Colin Delehanty. All timelapses were shot on the Canon 5D Mark II with a variety of Canon L and Zeiss CP.2 Lenses.”
5 What's It Gonna Take? 3:55
This is the essentials list according to Vogue Paris....I would be tempted to add a few extras but then I guess that's not the point....if we start here then maybe we are on our way to a little of that elusive bien dans sa peau...keeping it simple, keeping it classic...keeping it French....xv
Today my second investment, and second major saving, arrived: my Prescription Prepayment Certificate from NHS. This is something for those of you who need to pick up prescriptions from the pharmacy on a regular basis. Provided you normally get more than 14 prescriptions per year (just over two per month), this card can end up saving you an absolute fortune!
I saw a treasure chest at the bottom of the ocean. It was in a deep, dark place, and I had deposited it there many centuries ago. The chest was more of a box, cast iron. It was sealed shut by rust and covered in barnacles and layers of seaweed. I hauled it out of the water and prised the lid open. Apparently in this incarnation I was a mermaid, and it felt like I had returned to my ancestral home. Opening the box, I found the long forgotten treasure that is my memories and knowledge from past lifetimes. It is now time to embrace my past, bring it into the present, and discard the useless rubbish I have acquired.
Miles Morgan, managing director of Miles Morgan Travel, said: ‘This cruise has been five years in the making and every step of the way we have sought to make it authentic to the era and a sympathetic memorial to the passengers and crew who lost their lives.’
Thursday, September 27th–I met with my Case Worker and went to therapy.
If there was a Worst Blogger of the Year award, I'm pretty sure I would get it. I'm not quite sure why I can't seem to post more than once a month... It could have something to do with my unique ability to waste more time than the average person. It's good to be above average at something, right?
I want to keep it simple. To be entered in the raffle, simply add yourself as a follower to my blog and add my candy to your sidebar with a link back to my blog to help spread the word. Final step is to leave me a little comment on my
CF: If I had to pick one thing out from the series as a whole it would probably be the plot arc that I managed to weave into the whole 13 episodes. It was subtle, yet it worked, and completely took people by surprise. I had people sure that Davros was coming back... so when Rassilon walked up to the TARDIS doors I would like to think that it took a lot of people by surprise! I must say some of it happened as spur-of-the-moment writing. I knew where I wanted to get to but the way that I did it was changed with pretty much every episode I wrote. In the end it all worked out fine.
Bangle : Diva
I remember the horns of this dilemma from what my mother used to say:
As you can see, the weather was quite glorious, although it was a bit “breezy” on top of that mountain. We really don’t like to use the word “windy” here on the island, so in that case I guess you could say I’m recovering from a bit of “breezeburn” on my face.
As the youngest of ten children, my husband was photographed only infrequently. It was just not high on the priority list, with so many other things to attend to. I've always thought that the earliest picture of him in existence was from when he was nearly a year old, sitting amongst all of his other siblings. Yet, suddenly I found myself looking at a sweet photo of him as an infant, being held by my late mother-in-law. She was over 40 when she had him, and must surely have been exhausted with so many children to care for, but she looks as happy as a young, first time mother. To me, such a picture is priceless.
That old woman. She is sometimes frightening, sometimes kind, always ancient, always cunning, and she always dwells deep in the woods where children become lost.
I simply could not stand Coldplay when I first heard them, and I wanted nothing more than for Chris Martin to shut the fuck up. I'd make a face every time my sister would play one of their songs. I'd change the radio station (this was back when I was still listening to radio) the minute I heard the opening bars of "Yellow." Then, "Clocks" and "The Scientist." I really couldn't stand them at all. And so, Coldplay was relegated to the "please don't make me listen to this" file and put away.
You see, my man of old back in Webster was a big fan of this superheroine that has the ability to fly and create auras of different colours with power. I mean, come on, what kind of a weird character is that? And just because I was born a female, he gave me that stupid name, Halo.
In Nouadhibou itself, activists protested outside the Moroccan consulate for two hours against remarks made by one of their delegation which suggested Mauritania was a vassal of the Moroccan state.
Try as I might, I was not able to get MyHeritage to recognise a picture of Val Kilmer as Batman. From this we can assume one of two things – either MyHeritage refuses to acknowledge anyone but Kilmer in the role, or MyHeritage is as much of a Clooney fan as we discovered earlier.
Using the Blast off line was so much fun and what is so nice is that the papers are actually quite versatile, it may look at first glance like a range for younger children but the more subtle patterns on the backs of the papers are perfect for older kids and teens too! :)
Protoss versus Zerg
I found out that this belief in the gospel, that is central, global, and transformative, is built into the DNA of Reformed Theological Seminary in Orlando and across the institution. Each professor that I have met, no matter what subject he or she teaches, exudes these deeply held beliefs.
where the 2012 National Christian
1. Obviously sorrow over sin, repentance, contemplation are not simply reserved for Lent, but occur daily as the need arises (which is always seems to do).
5 July 1991, slight edits 01 November 2008
A coffee franchise in most areas is a stable business decision. The hassle often arises when settling on one coffee franchise over its many worth competitors. There are lots of franchises available at the market that supply coffee as a main source of revenue. Contemplate a variety of the following things whilst deciding which coffee franchise is the very best one to satisfy your wants whereas promising the most strong financial long term for your business needs.
Interesting that Amazon haters who toss around the predatory label seem to want antitrust law to do exactly what the Supremes in 1993 declared it shouldn’t; chill competition and keep prices artificially high. Even more interestingly, there hasn’t been a successful prosecution in this country for predatory pricing since this decision. That’s because (1) predatory pricing doesn’t work (2) the remedies end up more anticompetitive than the offense itself and (3) very few, if any, are actually engaging in it, not even Amazon.
Or a physicist.
submission like we often do, I decided to curate them kind of like
Samantha Morton, Synecdoche, New York
I know you are thinking that this was the right answer, it was a test, and in passing it I would, in fact, discover the diamonds packaged inside the wellies.
Two things struck me this week as I listened to Republicans, Democrats, and Independents conversing (loudly) about what Rosen meant, or didn’t mean, and whether there’s any truth to whatever she meant, or didn’t.
One thing that Kacey does love is corn. I don't think I know anyone who doesn't love corn, and this is Kacey's favorite way to eat it. I make it every few weeks just to keep the peace. Here's what you need:
So, when All Star Western was announced and whole "Jonah Hex in Gotham" came to light, I kinda held my breath, buy the books (they're JONAH HEX!), and make my decision later. Well, later is now.
Writing fiction based on true events? I spent most of late last night and today researching this issue and to my absolute relief I found this very interesting post entitled “Could I be Liable for Libel in Fiction?”on the blog Rights of Writers.
Somehow I manage to complete my shopping in under four hours and head for the check-outs where my kids start in on a chorus of, “Can we have candy?” What evil minded person decided it would be a good idea to put a display of candy in the check-out lanes, right at a child’s eye level? Obviously someone who has never been shopping with children.
Flour a work surface and tip the dough onto it. Using your hands, shape the dough into a rough square, then bring each of the corners to the center. Turn the dough over and tuck the ends in so the dough is circular. Cover loosely with plastic wrap and leave it on the counter to relax, about half an hour.
However, the main focus of this edition is the local fashion industry; fashion as it aids the development of indigenous tourism. As Deji Rotinwa writes, “Nigeria’s fast-growing fashion industry has covered a lot of ground in a short time.”
But he really wanted to eat this.
Dlodlo said she agreed with Mantashe that the Hlophe saga was not about him, but in preparation for an outcome that will “disfavour Zuma”.
The number 10 bus took me on a fairly mazy route through south-west Edinburgh, past Redford Barracks and the recruits on parade and then dropped me off just outside Colinton Village, a well-heeled part of suburban Edinburgh (which, in general, seemed very quiet today). Steps took me down into the main Bridge Street past the Colinton Inn (Deuchars IPA only) and then furthers steps brought me out opposite the Spylaw Tavern a nice sandstone terraced building with a great beer garden out the back with views down to Spylaw Park.
On Wednesday night, this scripture passage,1 John 3:1, kept popping into my head as I witnessed my oldest daughter receiving the gifts of the Holy Spirit in the Sacrament of Confirmation. She is God's gift to me, a call to live my life not for myself but for Christ, and I am humbled by the blessings she continues to deliver. I don't deserve a daughter so lovely, so kind, so beautiful and patient, so full of faith and conviction. Yet God's merciful love is lavish...incomprehensible, and dare I say CRAZY?! (Pope Benedict did.)
Each of us has come to this Earth with a mission from on high. Our talents and interests give us clues as to what that mission may be. Fervent prayer and a sincere desire to know what our Heavenly Father would have us accomplish with our lives will help us to more finely tune our course so as to line up our actions with His will. If we are busily engaged in the work of the Creator of this world, the Creator of our mortal shells, does it matter what friend, family member, neighbor or stranger thinks of us?
I am always happy to receive the fruits of my stitching labors and today's featured creation is no exception.
Over-Equipped (20) – Weaponized 10 vehicles
M: Any other strange beasts in the mix?
It’s the first album post-ZP Theart, and it’s very good. They’ve kept their unique sound, and managed to broaden their scope at the same time. New vocalist Marc Hudson has done a terrific job, with just as good a voice as ZP, with a little extra that just adds perfectly to some of the new tracks.
Placenta previa occurs in about 1 in 200 births. Risk factors include:
“We got to know them (The Grates) through going to their shows and seeing them at other shows. They are just great people and we always have an awesome party with them.” (personal interview August 19, 2011)
Speaking of American Presidents I have seen the trailer for the Summer release of Abraham Lincoln: Vampire Hunter and it looks interesting. I like stories which take a mixture of historical figures and literary characters and blend them into something new and if this film is successful maybe they’ll have try at other novels like Anno Dracula or The Difference Engine.
“What if that light doesn’t show up?” asked Chris.
Each year this event has some sort of theme (don't ask me why, I can't actually remember anymore!! It just does OK!), we've had top ten films, desert island discs, top 10 debut albums etc etc. This year, E. F Rice hit on the genius idea that we all create a CD made up of your favourite tunes from the last 12 months, burn enough copies for everyone and then dish em out. The rules were simple, all of the tracks had to either:
in mine there is so much od death and mourning
As I headed back, I could see Remy, who always manages to find the softest, muddiest, wettest spots, knee deep in the stream, reaching over for some succulent something or other.
Muslim home diminishes their Muslim identity.” Molley Dagget, MSW,
*started noticing planes and birds, Daddy and Mimi swore you pointed at a bird and said, "Luh, Luh"
hollow
Sam Adams Black Beer - this is a schwarzbier, or black beer, full of taste but not heavy. Einbecker and Kostritzer also make good, and original, German versions.
They say write about what you know. I know about school, church (not going to be my setting), home life in a few different regions of the US, working in schools, doing plays in the theater... I'm just not sure. I don't want a traditional office space, though an nontraditional space could work. Thoughts? Anyone? Really, I could use a lot of help in this aspect so I can really get started in making this idea come to life... I'm rather excited about it!
and I ache
The edges were inked with Tumbled Glass and Dusty Concord Distress inks. Ice Stickles in Crystal and Blueberry were used for some sparkle. On the snowflakes, I used Tattered Angels Dazzling Diamonds Glimmer Mist for shine.
My husband and I are big history nerds. We love to visit local historical societies as well as sites of national significance. It hasn’t been easy on our pocketbook, though, since most of these places charge an admission fee. We’ve paid a variety of prices – from a goodwill donation to upwards of $30 a person at Chicago’s Field Museum. In this post, I will share how we’ve saved money on museum admission, nationwide, through the Time Travelers program.
Beautiful flowers, and she even brought that gorgeous jug they're in too!
I have never been so excited for Easter than I am this year. We are having both our birth moms over for Easter lunch and for an egg hunt with their kids. What a privilege it will be to show these women the love of Christ.
And you can make a most excellent lobster roll at least as good as Red’s – ask me for my recipe – at home for, at worst, half the price of Red’ $14.95 and you won’t have to wait an hour in line sucking down exhaust fumes. So head further north – anywhere north of Bar Harbor, rent a cottage by the sea, make you own lobster rolls and enjoy the view. That’s my Maine tourism tip for this season.
I found a sheet of paper in a notebook when I was readying the homeschool books. So much to sort through! So many years of stuff, tucked here and there!
The use of celebrity, media and literary portraits help you to identify with the reality of Lisa’s story and understand her thought processes and experiences in a vivid, exciting way.
What little boy doesn't like to camp, right! I found this adorable photo and it reminded me of days long ago, camping out in the backyard with friends, warm blankets and flashlights!
Flash Kids 5
A genuine smile broke across Addison’s reserved face. “My felicitations, sir. To you both.”
Cut in half, then peel the squash (don't try to peel it whole - way to slippery and no good grip.) Toss out the seeds and cube into bite-sized hunks. Mince the shallots. Toss together in a baking pan with high sides. Coat with olive oil and sprinkle curry over all. Salt and pepper. Top with the chopped almonds. Roast at 425°F/220°C for 35 minutes. Get your rice cooking.
I would love some suggestions on some pretty yet reasonable lighting options.
Mix the flour and salt in a large bowl. Cut in the shortening until it resembles cornmeal. Gradually add about 1 cup lukewarm water. Mix until the dough leaves the sides of the bowl, like biscuit dough. Turn the dough out onto a floured board and knead as you would for yeast bread for at least 5 minutes. Divide the dough into 12 balls and let set covered by a towel or the bowl for 15 minutes to relax the dough so it will be easier to work with. Roll out each piece on a floured surface. Roll as thin as you can. Heat a large cast iron skillet, add no grease. Fry, turn and fry the other side. There will be bubbles and those will get dark but that adds character.
Any other suggestions?
I don't know what I am grateful for....
Measure out two equals scoops of the molding product. Amazing Mold Putty comes in Part A and Part B. Usually the two parts are different colors and you knead them together until a consistent color is reached. I work in small quantities since the molding material tends to set up rather quickly. If you mix too much it will set before you can work with it all. I have also discovered through trial and error that trying to push an object into a large blob of the molding material creates a blurred/multiplied image.
After enjoying the simple romance of The Other Countess and The Queen's Lady, I thought The Rogue's Princess would be a worthwhile read. Even though it's not out in the U.S. yet, I was able to find a decently-priced copy on American soil, so I decided I might as well give it a try.
The other talk today was by one of the dads, Rem. He has recently moved from a life caught up in the corporate world, to a life running his own business from home. He quickly admitted that he has much to learn in terms of making that really work successfully, but he's certainly enjoying a greater level of involvement in family life, and a closer relationship with his kids. He talked about how most men live a life where "success" is very sequential. They go through school, get into the best uni possible, get the best job possible, work their way up the ranks and ta da! Success. They often see school and education in the same light: they seek out the "best school" for their kids, send them off and read the report cards. So for men who have wives that are strong enough to buck the system and keep their kids at home, and particularly for men whose wives are drawn to the unschooling philosophy, it can be a great challenge to accept this! He talked about the importance of finding a supportive unschooling community of friends. He also talked about how Dads can feel isolated and left behind even within their own family, and how it's really important for them to make the most of the opportunities they do have at home. He talked about a car trip they did where he had to make some business calls. He told the kids that either they could stop the car so he could talk on the side of the road in peace, or they could be quiet so he could talk while his wife kept driving. They decided to be quiet!! Then, when they got there, he still had more business calls to make, but by this time he was walking barefoot along the beach whilst talking.
5. Spend Time to Soak in the Wonder: David Rolloff, a professor or recreation, parks, and tourism said, “Yosemite is a very emotional place. It’s a high church of nature, in a lot of ways, and I think some people are so enthralled they don’t absorb what’s around them.” So make sure to really look around you. Take photographs and take a moment to breath the fresh air and listen to the sounds nature has to offer.
So yep, without further ado, let's get started! Eulogy's Secret is a story of greed prejudice and a stolen identity. When I looked at the blurb, it just called out to me to read the book. And no, I haven't read the book yet. Yes, its due to school. :( I'm going to be reading it real soon though, so do look out for my review!
In October, the first bomb exploded – Call of Duty: Elite – PC version delayed and no premium! – The suspect had been that there would be still some bugs to fix in the project “Elite”. The conjecture that the PC once again pending the back must have been then confirmed with the removal of the PC from the Elite FAQ. The closer the release of Call of Duty: World at War drew 3, the more the release date of Elite for the PC shifted to the rear. Until today – five months after its release – there are still no concrete date, and it raises the question whether the additional service will ever be released for the PC and if so, whether there is still third on Modern Warfare 3.
This is a re-post of the original Disciple Program review that I posted on February 24th because....The Disciple Program just sold! With Mark Wahlberg and Morten Tyldum attached, an awesome new director who directed a film called "Headhunters" (google for the trailer). Congrats to Tyler. I know he had higher offers out there but his goal was to get this movie made so he's been carefully working with WME packaging the thing so that this is a movie and not just one of the 9 in 10 script sales that never gets made. I'll be putting together an interview with Tyler soon so we can go over all of the nitty gritty details with you guys. It's been pretty interesting watching the entire process of a script from that crazy first day to finally selling. Lots of stuff I never knew goes on behind the scenes. So for the weekend, chalk one up to SS and a fellow Scriptshadow reader. We're on the board!
*runs out of ideas*
I went to Christmas breakfast at my sister's house this morning and had about 1/4 cup of scrambled eggs, 4 bites of hash, 3 small bites of hubby's french toast and I was FULL.
Anxious to find a proper pretzel, I thought I'd have to trawl around London to find some specialist baker. Seeing that I had resolved to try and live on pretzels for the Fridays of Lent, I didn't fancy the prospect of having to travel far every week to find one. So imagine my delight when I found some just round the corner from my flat!
Shipping: $19.95 (but FREE if you pre-order)
2. Enchilada Casserole. Mostly, it’s less work than enchiladas. Layer sauce, tortillas, vegetables, cheese, and beans or meat in a casserole dish. Top with cheese. Bake for about 45 minutes at 375 or until heated through and lightly browned on top.
Gently mix castor sugar and olive oil. By beating on high, slip in one egg. Beat for about 1 minute, next add in another egg, beat till it forms a frothy mixture. Next gently fold in mango pulp.
Therefore a person who desires his own well-being must never, ever go to such places. Especially not those who protect morality: kings, leaders, and teachers.
What overall winner would you choose since 1969? And if not one overall winner, what short-list would you have for the past 43 years?
Speaking of Groupon and their friends…these can make AWESOME gifts. You know how sometimes you see something that you’d like to do but you don’t really want to spend YOUR money on it? I’m sure Mom feels the same way! But she’d love to be gifted that parasailing coupon, that city tour, that wine tasting event, that facial and blow dry combo, that brunch/lunch/dinner at a new restaurant, those concert tickets, that festival entrance, that Pilates class and so on and so forth.
We say we believe in liberty and justice, but what gives us the right to say that our ideas of liberty and justice are the only legitimate ones? The experience of Iraq and Afghanistan should serve as harsh reminders to us, that carrying out our ideas of liberty and justice require a mature understanding of the Western concept of the rule of law over men -- a maturity that neither society yet enjoys.
I never did. I saw him in concert countless times, sometimes from far away in massive arenas and in later years sat very close in intimate venues as he sang his ballads and told his tales. I felt I knew him better than most, but we never met.
Sasu Ripatti, who has been recording solo electronic music as Vladislav Delay for some time now, here tries something different by assembling a live band to play a largely acoustic set that sounds a bit like a jazz band doing dark ambient. Ripatti himself plays drums, Lucio Capece contributes howls and long whistling tones on soprano sax and bass clarinet, Derek Shirley drives the music along with throbbing double bass, and Mika Vainio adds the only electronic contributions. The music is dark and sinister, creeping along at a plodding pace like a movie monster inexorably pursuing its prey. Ripatti's percussion is largely sparse, providing a slow rhythmic underpinning with tinkling cymbals, while the other musicians craft grim soundscapes from electronic noise, bassy rumble and the eerie sounds of Capece's horns, sometimes processed and blurred, sometimes play acoustically with just his breath whistling through the instrument, not quite sounding a note. The entire album is great, but the clear highlight is the 12-minute "Santa Teresa," a foreboding death march that, I'd like to think, provides a tribute through its title and its haunting atmosphere to the fictional and violent Mexican city of Roberto Bolaño's epic novel 2666. [buy]
You can help many people by forwarding this email. Because we are in a time of major transformation predicted by many different ancient cultures, it is easier than ever to transform negative beliefs and energy patterns.
“No. What happened?”
Michael Sheen is kind of awesome. Going directly from Frost/Nixon to the incredibly inessential Underworld: Rise of the Lycans is quite the jump, even if they were filmed in reverse order. Does he have a really big mortgage? Need an excuse to go to the gym? Get really bored playing Tony Blair? (Three times and counting.) Or maybe he just has a great sense of humor?
Drawing upon her experiences in Jamesport, the largest Old Order Amish community west of the Mississippi, longtime Missourian Naomi King writes of simpler times and a faith-based lifestyle in her new Home at Cedar Creek series. Like her series heroine, Abby Lambright, Naomi considers it her personal mission to be a listener—to heal broken hearts and wounded souls—and to share her hearth and home. Faith and family, farming and frugality are hallmarks of her lifestyle: like Abby, she made her wedding dress and the one her mom wore, too! She’s a deacon, a dedicated church musician and choir member, and when she’s not writing, she loves to travel, try new recipes, crochet, and sew. Naomi now lives in Minnesota with her husband and their border collie, Ramona.
“I Went to the Hospital” captures the transient nature of his life as he ponders the fragility of it all when you face your mortality. He talks of a bout with illness and embarks on a narrative detailing all of the thoughts we all have when the unknown looms large and casts shadow puppets of our regrets and missteps upon the walls of our examination room. It is a meditation on mortality and straddles the line between paranoia and confessional, but that wash of organ and gently jangling chords make it seem like a gentle jaunt once you soak in it a few times.
She is so lovely and a beautiful princess.
But legendary status can have drawbacks. It’s opened a lot of doors for Freeman, making him a familiar figure at a variety of local clubs (including the Bop Shop, the Green Mill, Pops for Champagne, and Andy’s). But appearing so often at so many places can make a performer seem as unremarkable as a crooked alderman. And the tag “legendary,” which smacks of the sort of hushed reverence usually reserved for the dead, can make a performer seem less a vital artist–one who continues to take chances–than a bloodless icon.
God had a plan for the world in which was proclaimed in John 3:16: “This is how much God loved the world: He gave his Son, his one and only Son…so that no one need be destroyed …anyone can have a whole and lasting life.” Jesus knew he needed to develop a plan to carry out his father’s plan.
Affidavit of Probable Cause- Second Degree Murder
Moon sped back in towards the sea front, his mind was racing! Both Shag and Kelly had taken out a rocker! WOW!!
It's time to crap. More than that, it's time to give a crap again.
L: Sure, sometimes, but it's not like they follow me home or anything.
Roux is also a very delicate since it can burn so easily. There is constant stirring going on and you can never leave it unattended. Once burnt you have to throw it out and start ALL OVER. Of course I have never done that before LOL! Since all true Cajuns claim to have the best recipe for Gumbo then I will just have to say that I have the best recipe. My brother-in-law taught me all I know about the process so I am a true Cajun by spirit.
----- okay now that was a different conversation now :) -----
So here’s my two cents, finally! Where is the drumroll? I think, while it takes a village to love and nurture a child, the discipline shouldn’t be left to the village to handle. The village Elders, a.k.a parents should be given the SOLE responsibility of that department. What the Elders decide for the child should be followed by the villagers. Ye or Nay, what say, all?
Amazing prizes are to be given, such as, a pair of circle lens by Kiwibrry1, a box of lashes and etc.
But it's not whiskey, and it's not moonshine.
Rohan's questions presuppose an institutional culture well in advance of the one I move in. My blogging is personal rather than professional, and British academia certainly hasn't worked out how it fits into the assessment frameworks we're fitted into. Blogging isn't peer-reviewed, so it's not research. I doubt many of my peers will offer me a promotion on the back of this stream of tedious nitpicking, and tenure doesn't exist over here: we're all pretty much expendable (though I've been invited to undergo 'coaching' for people whose careers are 'in transition' - in transition over a cliff, I suspect).
See, earlier today, I was looking all cute. I did wonder why I was having this little cough thing that was starting to drive me crazy though. By 11 AM, I'm not only coughing, my nose is running like a damn faucet, and so are my eyes. Every bit of my eyeliner is gone. My nose is all red from using the tissues every two seconds and I'm having chills and hot flashes almost at the same time.
We'll practice trickle down economics and you can continue to give trickle up poverty your best shot.
Is anyone else so thankful that it's Friday? How much longer till spring break??
As she was still in mid-rant, she heard a tap on her window and looked up into the face of a very serious police officer. The officer ordered her to exit her car with her hands up.
Oh, but that's okay. I can give THE BEST YEARS OF MY LIFE to my children, and when they're old enough for me to not have to worry about their every move, that'll be great. EXCEPT I'LL BE 70. Yeah, I'll be touring the world at 70, and that will kind of suck, because my back will be shot, and I'll look weird because I've had that botched second face lift. Oh, and people might wrinkle their noses at me, because my bladder will have completely let go of the toe hold it still had on my body, and I'll have to wear a great big incontinence diaper.
Upland Schwarz
In the darkness
Anyone
Quite who it’s aimed at, I’m not sure – I suspect young children will find some of the story a bit dull and not get many of the jokes, while adults may find the whole thing a bit too sweet and precious and silly for their tastes. I imagine it will probably do very well with a certain type of teenage girl.
What's Included?
The Height of Raised Bed Gardening
block down, punch, step...pause...knife hand, punch...pause...kosa, step, block down
The reason for this fee is that the printer and distributors that UKUnpublished uses provide:
Other winners to check out include Oakshire's The Nutcracker, Double Mountain's Chimney Stout and Fort George's Kentucky Girl.
No 40 ROSIE..............Congratulations your card is stunning, Please email me (Di) for your prize.
T2/09 Email disclosure
40 maids a-milking,
Then again, it's a push poll. The question likely was meant to inflame opposition to the incumbent among less-affluent (and less-informed) members of her constituency.
I'm going to link this up here:
I am terribly apologetic for having to contact you on this matter. South West Trains is never to blame for any disruption to its services and as often these are the result of weather conditions it would seem that God is to blame most of the time.
“I am so pleased it has been published and I hope people will enjoy reading it,” he says.
BOTTLE TRAP
And sometimes He saves those who are caring for the orphans, doctors and nurses who are watching, neighbors who don't understand but see the Love of God displayed in action.
A great book to read and ponder about.
These are terrific with jam or, of course, honey.
We pondered over these words, unable to come up with any reply other than "wow."
So, there's a two hour late start here due to icy/snowy weather. Two hours, dropped in my lap like a "just because" gift from Mother Nature and Old Man Winter (aww, you shouldn't have, guys!). What's a woman to do? Laundry? Read? Go back to bed? No. Today is your lucky day, lovelies. TODAY I SHALL BLOG.
Combine in a large bowl 7-8 cups dry ingredients:
Well, next Saturday, there will be a container of fudge for you.
2. The Edible Woman – Margaret Atwood. Any Atwood is worth reading. Historians may be more familiar with Alias Grace or The Blind Assassin. Again for the ladies in the crowd, I will merely quote the blurb on the back: “Ever since her engagement, the strangest thing has been happening to Marian McAlpin: she can’t eat. … Marian ought to feel consumed with passion, but she really just feels … consumed.”
Numbers. They can tell us important information, but they don’t lend comprehension to everything. There’s no possible way to know that the number values we assign to some things have any meaning at all. This is most blatantly true when it comes to natural resources. Capitalism dictates that natural resources should be assigned a monetary value and thus exploited for profit. Would you drain your own blood and sell it if someone offered you a small fortune for it? Somehow, we don’t realize that this is exactly what we do when we privatize natural resources. The fact that we think it’s acceptable – and desirable – to do so tells us everything we need to know about where we’re headed.
”You open the floodgate, which, as you see in Australia, is one you can’t stop,” Mr Key said.
"Then we should get married" he states readily.
lose the 12 pounds I've gained. HEIFER!!
Write first sentence.
By magic's art most men suppos'd that he could wonders work.
But it can be revealed that a golden opportunity to smash the ring was missed nearly four years ago after a 15-year-old girl told police she had been raped in 2008.
Thecla's personality, which later we learn is often petty and cruel, is important not so much because we "witnessed" her torture and suicide, but because of a recurrent theme in this volume, one that was hinted at earlier with Dorcas's rising from the pond: resurrection of the body. A great many of the events that occur in this volume revolve in some point around the resurrection of the body or soul, or conversely, around the decay and corruption of both body and mind.
Corporates has also taken opportunity to introduce new products, give out product samples, increase brand awareness and even increase sales for their product during the 4 days event.
12. Initiates new U.S. Treasury Bank System in alignment with Constitutional Law
Poems of Pleasure
Bubba: Yeah. I suspected.
But before I was asked to scan those drawings, I was trying to finish Project Library, which has been on going since my second week of work. Before I was asked to scan those drawings, I noticed a someone on their lunch break looking at ESPN.
Her very own slice of heavenly suburbeness. To use as she desires. Except when it rains. She hates soggy grass.
Let It Rise by Holland Davis. Our arrangement is taken from The William Murphy Project’s album All Day.
stumble of a drunk beat. Individually they took on a new
Bottom line: Judge Berchelmann was asked by the Commission on Judicial Conduct to serve as a fact finder, but instead he acknowledged then ignored the facts, characterizing them in a disingenuous way to excuse Judge Keller's usurpation of the duty judge's responsibilities under this "oral tradition."
Now of course I could easily get a few more inches out of this if I really worked on it. I could have included my giant Norton Anthology of Science Fiction just because it contains "Frozen Journey"; I could have put some DVDs in there (The Gospel According to Philip K Dick, Blade Runner, A Scanner Darkly, etc). I could bring home all of the PKD books from my office, make a tour of various friends' houses, collecting loaned editions; I could've included my complete set of newsletters. Why not include all of my Italo Calvino books because I bought them because they compare PKD to him on the back covers of the Vintage editions? But I keep telling you, I don't have anything to prove here! After all it's not how much Dick you have; it's what you do with it that matters.
3) I debated adding this - but I think it needs to be said - don't propose unless you know the answer will be 'yes'. This should be self explanatory; but it's really just about being on the same page as your partner.
The human ear is designed to receive natural sounds lying in the range 5 kHz to 15 kHz. Our hearing threshold is maximum near 4-5 kHz. That is why the sound of a Buzzer, Cricket (the noisy insect) etc are piercing and irritating to us. These sound vibrations create stress on the ear drum because the eardrum will not vibrate exactly similar to the sound waves. In order to avoid such frequencies, the middle ear act as a low pass filter and prevent them passing into the inner ear. Natural sounds including human voice lies between 10-15 kHz which is friendly to human ear. Sound of unusual frequencies cause noise pollution and alters our psychomotor performances.
*Morgan Holly “disliked change and the idea of people having private lives.”
Next you're passing a hacienda, in which flamenco dancers whirl to the sound of a gypsy guitar.
(d) leaves meetings, religious services, movies, ER under guise of restroom use to check on blogs of self and others
She's a really good big sister, and creates hugely imaginative games for her and little sis to play.
Everything I know is a synthesis of experience (good and bad), both mine and peers as related to me. Which is a problem of itself. When we grope for understanding based on what our buddies tell us, dating life can easily slip into some odd movie combination of American Pie and American Psycho. Finding the path that's right for each of us as individuals requires a lot of going it alone. No way around it.
Beer Karma strikes again. Ricky Stuart; shit bloke, no trophy.
extras: prismacolors, gamsol, glaze pen, swirly clip
– not be recessed into the wing profiles (where a recess is defined as a reduction in section at a rate
Think outside of the box people.
Favorite quote from book:
The NHS acknowledges that the trans community as a whole has one of, if not THE highest suicide rates of any group within the NHS. That and self-harm. Strangely, allow someone to transition, and that rate swiftly evaporates.
Potato, 1 pc large, cut into cubes, deep fried or steam until soft
The firm already provides balloting for overseas U.S. military and civilian voting in nine states along with elections technologies in several districts
We have a first-timer here, see if you can spot it:
This is what happens when you have academics with no real world business experience crafting legislation: they can’t conceive of the likely real world outcomes. They feel that conditions will stay static, and, in this case, that means that investments in munis will remain the same, leading to higher revenues for the government. Which will not happen, of course.
After catching Luce and Cam kiss, Daniel finally finds the courage to explain his strange behavior to Luce. He is immortal, destined to meet and fall in love with Luce every seventeen years and must endure her death each time. After finding the missing book who could uncover Daniel’s past, with the help of the librarian, Luce pieces together that Daniel is an angel, though she soon finds out he is not the only one who attends Sword & Cross.
Cook the shrimp next. Place the stick of butter in a sauce pan, and melt it over medium heat. When melted, add the smoked paprika and the shrimp. Allow the shrimp to poach in the butter for about 5 minutes. Do not overcook the shrimp – the final assembly and cooking of the Hot Brown will finish the job of fully cooking the shrimp.
I started having mean thoughts about Pinterest. I didn't understand why this website was so intent on making me feel like I suck.
2 initial
India Cements
Stir in cranberries and water.
Next he explained the guests and the format of today's show. We were actually taping two parts of shows. Though much of Le Grand Journal is broadcast live, they pre-record guests who are unavailable in the evening. "How many of you are here to see Seelverstar Stelun?" he shouted. The crowd went cah-raaazy bonkers. They needed no practice on enthusiasm. "Ouaaaaiiis!!!" Girls jumping up and down and screaming, greasy-haired boys shaking both fists up high in triumph. "Qui?" I naively asked the boy next to me. He looked askance at me as if I were Bride of Frankenstein. "Seel-vess-tair Stal-lun."
When they are joined by a motorcycle club that is also on their way to Virginia, their ability to do battle with the living-dead improves. But it's a long trip, and danger is everywhere.
Your unconditional love and tolerance has become a significant inspiration for me to keep motivated. Your forgiveness and understanding has been freeing and shows me why you never give up on love.
I will be a better person for all that I have seen and experienced.
I drive up to the off ramp where I have to make a U-turn to get back to the (true) major accident. I get to this U-turn were I see another 4 or so cars involved but there are three bodies lying on the ground. I jump out because I thought someone was dead. I’m trying to check on them when someone who was panicking pulling on me pointing saying the driver drove up that way. The driver had apparently driven up the eastbound lanes of traffic traveling westbound. I quickly check on the 3 people and they had no life threatening injuries. I have to get back to the first accident scene. I let them know I got other units in route.
On the northern half of the table the German Recon battalion is being hard pressed against the Air-Landing Regiment (see below). Another battalion attack on a company strength defense of a wood. Again note another suppressed German platoon lagging to the rear.
Does Peter hold the key to our eternal life? Today we are looking at Acts 1:15,
The controls are again well done despite being tweaked. Jump was moved to X and R2 is now for grenades and the like. Very smart decisions all around.
I am so thirsty...
The station, now the property of NSW Parks and Wildlife and preserved for posterity, was established to quarantine immigrants as late as 1985 who arrived with a variety of diseases from influenza (Spanish) to scarlet fever and even smallpox and the bubonic plague. In the 70's and 80's it was home to Vietnamese refugees until they could be resettled in Australia.
I'm sure I'm not alone when I say this, but I really wanted to launch my own radio station after I saw Pump Up the Volume, a shimmering glob of underrated awesomeness, one that fought for your undivided attention twenty years ago, but got lost in the overcrowded realm that was teen angst cinema. Of course, nowadays, the idea of broadcasting a pirate radio show from the moldy, jizz-stained confines of your parents' basement might seem a tad quaint–especially in a world dominated by social media and reality television–but in 1990, it was groundbreaking stuff. Seriously, a disaffected teen as the catalyst for change wasn't that far-fetched during a time when apathy and yuppie culture had infected the general populace. Spouting a crude yet compelling melange of saucy malapropisms on the radio, complimented by an eclectic array of rap, punk, pop, and Leonard Cohen, a properly motivated adolescent in a bowling shirt could inspire the alienated and the downtrodden hovering around their speakers to do his or her bidding, and do so with an alarming ease. It didn't matter if person doing the talking originally intended to shake things up, your voice was singled out as the champion for those being "butt-surfed by the system" whether you like it or not. My pirate radio station, for example, would have been an ear-destroying cacophony of post-industrial sex music and italo disco (with weather and fashion updates on the hour). In other words, while my station's chic temperament would never be in doubt, its seemingly innocuous content wouldn't cause the shady bureaucrats who the run local high school to loose any sleep. The radio station featured in this film, on the other hand, oozes of subversion from every pore.
In 1946, Duke left the United States for France, where he continued his double career of being a classical composer and a songwriter (now setting to music the texts of French lyricists). By 1948, the composer was back in America. He moved from New York to California where he spent his last decades, writing songs, film and theater scores, chamber music, poetry in Russian and polemical articles and memoirs in English. On October 30, 1957, he married singer Kay McCracken, who had studied with Lotte Lehmann (and who into the 21st century was still performing as Kay Duke Ingalls). His final appearance on Broadway came less than two weeks later with the two songs and incidental music he wrote for the Helen Hayes show, Jean Anouilh‘s Time Remembered (1940) (French title: Léocadia) which ran for 247 performances. He continued to try to mount Broadway musicals during the last decade of his life, including two shows that closed during tryouts and one that went unproduced.
Repeat Rnd 2 for desired length. Optional, when at desired lenght ch1, sc in each st around. This is what I have done with the lt. purple one.
Level 26: Weapon ATT: +26, Accuracy: +9%, Proc Rate: 58%, Deals 238% damage 2 times.
Emperor Steve and his nightmare circus clowns have deemed it the ‘cost of doing business’ to redress the pushback that his Enbridge dirty deal has caused..necessary and desirable to offer up to profit mongering the possible destruction of the West Coast’s environment..and we are, happily, prepared to take him on. His reduction of environmental review bodies fools no one; we all know that he wants to fast-track his rich friends’ interest, and could care less about those of Canadian citizens who absolutely and resolutely have told him no..native groups, academics, even those from his own side of the fence..not to mention US State governments, who also want no part of the fallout from spillage to feed China’s need for sludge….
http://www.ribenaroom.com/ Ciara has a FAB Craft room that we would all love! And her talent as a card maker is second to none! Go visit this Craft space for a wealth of talent & craft room storage ideas too!
Another ramification of this limitation in short-term memory is that recency trumps quality. So there is the risk of a poorer choice being made simply due to the order in which the options were considered. So in addition to considering options in groups, also consider the order in which the option was considered.
I think the idea for dinner started out as a Taco Salad, but morphed into a Chili Salad along the way. No one complained. ;)
I then go back to bed.
There seems to be a theme of shadows running through my selection of books. These shadows take many forms – the shadow cast by the candle in Colin McCahon’s ‘A Candle in a Dark Room’ (1940) selected by Dick Frizzell; the shadow of a past love affair that haunts the main character in Fiona Kidman‘s short story The Italian Boy; the shadow of New Zealand’s colonial past in Witi Ihimaera’s The Parihaka Woman; the shadowy figure striding across the cover of Stella Rimington’s Rip Tide, and Emily Perkins’ just-to-be-released novel The Forrests which I only know about through the shadow of book reviews.
18. Is it cold in here, or are you just afraid to kiss me? +
I went to a funeral on Christmas eve up in Bailieborough County Cavan where I came from.
Before looking at the specific needs in South Africa we shall take a look at the issue of basic income from a more general perspective. Non-means-tested basic or citizen's incomes are being widely investigated in many countries. Some important reasons for providing a basic income are the following:
Right now I’m loving a biography of Queen Elizabeth I by British historian Anne Somerset. As unlikely as this sounds, it’s a page-turner. (Oddly enough, the image I’ve chosen here is the same one on my book’s cover, from the National Gallery.)
Bloody little brutes!
I hope you enjoyed this frame project. It could be a great gift for the upcoming holidays!
The soup may need further dilution with extra stock.
Laga'aia, who is of Samoan descent, has backed comments from Underbelly actor Firass Dirani, who accused networks of a "white Australia" policy and that actors on shows such as Packed to the Rafters and Neighbours do not reflect Australian society in 2012. In typically humble style, Natalie responded to the interviewer by hosing down the situation but then gently admitted that she, too, sees a problem with casting and writing choices being made in Australia by people who make decisions at TV stations:
3) Wait until Saturday evening when the contest closes. Then- CHECK YOUR E-MAIL!!!! Seriously people don't always e-mail me back when they win. Is that just strange or what? I will wait 2 days from the close of the contest then I will pick another person if I don't hear from you.
As for the warm, dry weather, it's not all bad.
Business schools should be able to charge anything they want for an MBA, since in the end what they monetize is career anxiety more than anything else. If they’re allowed to offer the proletariate version of a knighthood and call it a degree, why not let the free market determine the cost? I apologize if I offend any MBA graduates out there: my point is that people will give you all kinds of compelling reasons for doing an MBA; the content isn’t often one of them.
It turns out that the folding of the ingredients is a very tricky and exacting step in the process. Just one fold too many, and you can ruin your entire batch of macarons. Too few folds, and your under-mixed concoction can yield disaster, as well. Also crucial, gross as it may seem, is to age your egg whites before using them. A good thing to do is to separate your eggs, yolks from whites, and leave your egg whites sitting out of the refrigerator for a minimum of 24 hours, or as long as 48 hours. Bizarre, but I figured if it was going to increase my chances of producing a good macaron, I was willing to try it!
Let's Ride (Delete Track)
I think in pictures. Pictures and words. The sculpting of words together... the forming, the pressing here, removing there... it is the closest I can come to sharing mind pictures.
September 17 Café Eleven – St. Augustine, FL
scrub the toilets,
Aside from that we have discussed a field trip to the Brooklyn Brewery with Greg and Deirdre for yummy beer, a stop at the German beer garden, dinner with Brian’s aunt and uncle to celebrate his aunt’s birthday and whatever else comes our way. Lots of fun to be had and things to do!
The subsequent Cataclysm - reflected in the optional rules - sees new post-apocalyptic civilisations founded by the slave races of the Ruan, the Gaal, the Askavaal and the Balee, otherwise known as the Red, Green and White Martians and Beastmen. With the Grays, these make five of the six new game factions introduced.
Drawn from my eyes
When we are together we are solid and unbreakable. Nothing can compete. We empower each other to keep fighting. We compliment each other where one of us is weak, the other finds strength maintaining balance. Love like this never dies. It can only be described as Perfection.
to avoid the judgment. 1Cor 11:32
1 velvet
The silken weavings of our afternoons,
So you're probably wondering why I started with February? Well, mostly because I knew I could fill a double page spread with events from that week and I had a little problem with my photos from January so I have to go pull them off my back up drive....anyhoo......onto my pages.
Also testifying were representatives of Downtown Brooklyn entities such as the New York Marriott at Brooklyn Bridge; Polytechnic Institute of NYU; and the Brooklyn Hospital Center. Also testifying were several people from ReBUILD, which places construction workers at job sites.
There is so much you could do with this holder. Party favor's add a gift card to them for a birthday gift. I can really see these as a weeding or baby shower favor. And let's not forget you can change out the size to hold a package of instant coca. The ideas are endless!
Spring is an amazing time to hike. One of the first things we saw was baby lubber grasshoppers – they grow though 7 stages before becoming adults! I was nice to see them so tiny. There were many spring flowers in bloom and all the trees were starting to bud. There were even a few new mushrooms on the trail!
2. Live intentionally, not aimlessly: “Think nothing and do nothing without a purpose directed to God. For to journey without direction is wasted effort” (St. Mark the Ascetic, 5th century). “Therefore, whether you eat or drink, or whatever you do, do all to the glory of God.” (1 Corinthians 10:31)
As I was sitting there, I saw a car turn off onto a parking lot across from me and park. It's lights went off, and I decided to give it about a minute or so and then go check it out.
At this time the king's son was traveling throughout the country in search of a bride. He wanted neither a poor one nor a rich one. He said, "My wife shall be the girl who is at the same time the poorest and the richest."
Hot on the heels of the library cuts debate came to threat to cut the government subsidy to three Booktrust bookgifting schemes: Bookstart, Booktime and Booked Up. This is spite of the fact that Booktrust generates £56m against the £13m given to them.
please take my hand, and guide me once again
I was about to write up my views on an interesting bottle of lout I necked over the weekend, but I’m going to leave that till tomorrow.
And also check out Jay announcing the tour himself in the video below.
As I move through this period of grief, and it is grief- even though she is still here, I lose a small part of her every day...I want to write about the things she has said and done which imparted wisdom, laughter, and joy to me from my early years until the present. Even yesterday she made me laugh!
Satisfaction, The Rolling Stones
I said I would embargo all summer clothes on this blog until I saw some semblage of sunshine. Alas, the seasonal fairies heard my bitching and decided to shut me up with...is it?...could it be?.....sun?!!!
the hunchback of the state
Who is to blame?
Parissi later became a disk jockey in Wheeling, West Virginia.
The courthouse computer system’s mistake triggered a rare traffic jam in Auburn along Interstate 80.
It suggested that management might have been better off using the RM766mil to expand its plantation land or motor segment in China.
Moves slower than a standard stout, and is darker. not as substantial as an RIS, but more than the usual. Smells deep and smooth, a tad grainy and roasted. Not strong like an RIS, just steady.
- Gold metal hardware
We've all done it: made a fool of ourselves at the work Christmas party. We have, haven't we?
In Hawaii, there are many of the local people who can’t understand the words in the King James Version of the Bible. For these people, the Bible has been translated into Pidgin English. Pidgin English originated as a form of communication used between native and non-native English speakers in Hawaii. It supplanted the Pidgin Hawaiian language used on the plantations and elsewhere in Hawaii. It has been influenced by many languages, including Portuguese, Hawaiian, and Cantonese. It also has been influenced to a lesser degree by the Spanish spoken by Mexican and Puerto Rican settlers in Hawaii. Today, most people raised in Hawaii can speak and understand Pidgin to some extent.
Here are my four match-ups of the weekend for college baseball
So, I am now working as a medical assistant for an orthopedic surgeon in town and I LOVE MY JOB!! My doctor is amazing, young, laid back, super nice, great family man, (and most female patients tell me how cute he is too). The other people in the office have been great too! They are all so quick to help me when I have questions and they have also welcomed me into 'the family' with open arms. I get to wear scrubs and tennis shoes every day...NO MORE HIGH HEELS for work!! (um..YAY!)
Wait! What is that I hear? I think it's the wind whistling down Park Avenue and through the Dorchester non-existent office space.
It’s worth mentioning that Pine Siskins made a surprise resurgence today. 40 of the zippy winter finches were heard and seen flying over the tower site.
I am going to guess if she had realized that her urethra was not the correct choice ahead of time she would have picked a different utensil.
MTL asked #2 son to trim my vanilla scented clematis - uinknown to me.
Some photos of sets from the film ...
Inks - Memento Tuxedo Black, Copics, Ranger Walnut Stain
I watched it all through my binoculars.
To thee I come, before thee I stand, sinful and sorrowful.
So here you are flying—it’s very sudden—
Here's a video to show some of the work going on at the GRASP research labs at the University of Pennsylvania. Work has been done on trying to generate dynamically feasible trajectories and controllers to guide the quadrotor through space. It is shown making aggressive manouveurs through small gaps and slipping between other quadrotors. The work looks at developing families of trajectories each built up as sequences of smaller trajectories each with their own individual controller. It's interesting work and it is hoped to be of use in surveillance and search and rescue operations. It's more likely (definite) however that it will be used for "defense" purposes.
i'm back for a bit before i leave for NYC this weekend (COMICCON! you are coming, yes? OF COURSE YOU ARE! you should totally come to THIS THING WHERE I WILL BE ahem ahem.)
Plus .... I slept a little better when I knew the truth ...... I always worried one of those busy buggers would miss my place with all those kids to take care of ..... once I knew who was REALLY in charge ..... I knew I they would never let me down ..... no matter how hungover they would be in the morning.
Larrion the Librarian today. Thanks for stopping by my post. The weekend is coming!!!!!
The awesome thing about this spice rub is that you can make a big double batch and keep it in a ziploc bag, which makes subsequent pork chop nights even simpler. Just mix together about 2TB. brown sugar, 1Tb. salt, 1/4 tsp. cayenne pepper, 1/2 tsp. black pepper, 1 tsp. garlic powder, 1 1/2 tsp. of paprika. Keep in mind, this is a spice rub -you can totally add and subtract these spices to your own liking. You can also make substitutions, like onion powder instead of garlic powder. Don’t be timid. And it goes without saying that you can make this up weeks, days, or hours in advance.
Hoare additionally told the New York Times that, as a showbizz writer, he’d been ‘frequently encouraged’ by Coulson to hack celebrity phones. But Coulson says he’s lying. In fact, Andy Coulson says everyone is lying – except him. Look around Fleet Street and the Courts: outside of desperate Newscorp loyalists fearful for their one hides, you will not find a single journalist who supports Coulson’s account.
But, we can quickly become bogged down in depression when we fret and become angry with God about our circumstances.
I have no money, so won’t be giving any away as payment. Sorry, wish I did have money for you. Hell, I wish I had money for me.
suspect but clamped
and i suppose i still don't,
I’m not saying that this is necessarily so – but that my interpretation of how souls mature is changing as I merge the two teachings.
After thinking through this idea for a while, I have decided to abandon my original proposal for a creed (“Christ, the Lord, is risen”) for the reasons I have just rejected the original confession and the Pauline confessions: it is not precise enough. It is more suited for a devotional setting rather than as a statement of beliefs. In its place, I propose a modified version of the Apostles’ Creed, with inessential doctrine removed:
According to one estimate, the size of an electron is : 2.82 x 10-13 cm and It’s mass is about 9.10938215(45)×10-31 kg See : http://www.dimensionsguide.com/what-is-the-size-of-an-electron/
1/2 cup freshly squeezed & strained lemon juice
During my all too brief visit to Canada I was able to visit many wineries and to try quite an array of wines, Rieslings, Chardonnays, Cabernet Franc, Cabernet Sauvignon and blends, but the speciality is Icewine.
Fridge Coasters are beautifully designed, super absorbent "liners" that fit inside every refrigerator no matter the manufacturer or refrigerator model you own. All coasters are designed with perforation lines to ensure a snug fit.
Winners will be chosen at random by random.org, within a week from the date the book is posted on the blog, and one entry per book please. Make sure to scroll through previous posts and if there is NOT a highlighted note at the top, then feel free to enter to win that book too! If there is a highlighted announcement at the top of a post, then that book is closed to comments and a winner has already been chosen. For comments, questions, suggestions, please email me at stephanieelliot@gmail.com.
2. Meet Mary & Starr -- And Creating a Food Oasis by Sustainable Eats. It's been a joy to be a part of Annette's journey from an urban homesteader to a homesteader.
Denise: One of the things I looked for in a publisher was the ability to have my books published in print and ebook. I love ebooks! They are terrific because of the quick access to any number of books in the blink of an eye and also the ability to carry hundreds of books with you without the bulk.
3) I have not found it compatible with writing books, which is where my heart really is. Am still struggling to find a way to balance the blogging and “real writing.” I have been able to do some real writing over the last month, so I have hope.
***Twitterer Of The Week***
Not by might
I was recently asked by the Fox News Channel (this link is for a different interview for my book, Stories of Faith and Courage from the Revolutionary War) what color Michelle Obama should wear for her speech at the Democratic National Convention. (They asked me, in part, because I’m a historian and author of the book, The Faith of America’s First Ladies). Because I was wearing red, the host asked, “Should she wear red?” I answered she should wear red, white, blue, pink or whatever color looked best on her. She should choose something that looks good on her, that fits her, which will translate to the American people. The same is true for Cindy McCain. Both should wear something that flatters her and expresses her uniqueness.
Main Image: Body(yellow) hand drawn, hand painted and doodled by me Nancy Baumiller, Wings/Face and Horns from Teesha Moore.com
To go with it, my initial plan was to make the usual potato masala. But that's what I'd do on a lazy day. It was a proactive day instead and so I made pork tikka masala. Now, its not one of those authentic tikka masala recipes, but kinda nice and easy in comparison. Its a slow cooker recipe and I didn't have the time for that and hence used the ever helpful pressure cooker for the same. I'm sure taste-wise, the slow cooker version would have been better, but it served my purpose and tasted great with hot poori's.
- The ability to stay in Presence while working allows the client to safely experience and explore parts that may be hurt, fearful, ashamed, traumatized, or in pain.
7. SEPTEMBER THE NINTH (6:25)
Independence, that crime against imperialism, can be successfully defeated!
142 **1. “American Constitutionalism and the Virtue of Prudence: Philadelphia, Paris, Washington, Gettysburg.” Leo Paul S. de Alvarez, ed., Abraham Lincoln, The Gettysburg Address, and American Constitutionalism (Irving, Texas: University of Dallas Press, 1976), pp. 77-170. (A shorter version was printed in Loyola of Los Angeles Law Review, vol. 8, pp. 1-87 (Winter 1975).) With Laurence Berns, Glen E. Thurow, and Eva Brann. (Sources: Items D-V/5/1961, D-VII/4/1973, and D-III/3(B)/1863, below.) See Items D-IV/15/1975, D-IV/18(B)/1962, D-Fall/1965, and D-III/3(A)/1963, below. See, also, Item B-10, above, pp. 229-41, 325-50 (1992).)
The suspected hijacker directed the car onto the Potchefstroom to Carletonville road. When they were about 20 kilometres away from Potchefstroom the hijacker ordered the man to stop and then shot him in the head.
- Green tea cookies
On date five (last night) I met his roommates, and was finally able to let down my guard a little. We kissed in his room, but I'm not sure if I'm crazy about him. How does one know? I don't feel butterflies in my stomach when I'm around him (maybe they're all dead). He is a pretty good looking guy, with kind eyes and a bit of scruff. But I feel like there is definitely something missing. Our interactions feel awkward to me, and at times it feels forced on my end.
To discover that one is loved in return should really bring the lover down about his beloved. “How’s that? Is this person modest enough to love even you? Or stupid enough? Or—or—. . .”
Well gather round your chairs children and stare at me fascinatedly with your moon-faces.
By the spring of 2007, I was giving dire warnings to my readers about the economy. On March 22, 2007, I sent this e-mail dispatch to my readers:
And most important, have the courage to follow your heart and intuition.
John Veitch of Dawyck lived at Dawyck in Drumelzier parish. His house was pulled down in the 1830s and its stone reused to build the present house. Dawyck is still a private residence, but the heart of his estate is open to the public as a Royal Botanical Garden.
“If you were anyone if Manhattan or Brooklyn, and you weren’t Catholic or Jewish, you were buried in Green-Wood. Everyone was buried there,” says Feldman. Founded in 1838, Green-Wood was one of the first “rural” cemeteries in the country, and with its beautiful landscaping, gently sloping lawns, and impressive sculptures, it was a huge tourist attraction as well. It is the final resting-place for more than a half million people, ranging from the noted to the notorious, and behind every gravestone is a story.
Since I got my sewing machine back, I've started working on the pages to hold all the postcards. This is my title page. I've blurred the title since it would give away too much about the direction I'm going.
Because those were moments when we drew a little ways away from Christ, which actually answers the original question: why does Christ’s ability to give us all His attributes matter? Because they affect our day-to-day life. When we draw away from Him, our lives start reflecting more of us, and less of Him. Christ both can and will give us patience, the ability to love, have kindness, not to mention the ability to pass on the remote, and many other things as well. We only have to do two things:
So yes, March is flying by for us.
1 teaspoon of dried oregano
Sure enough the Asian guy was making Sushi-Balls exact the way you'll learn when you take a sushi making-cooking class.
Last week I registered the minis for soccer. Barf. I'm notsomuch a fan of "the sports". Or the outdoors. Or the elements. Or the schlepping of equipment and gear to and from the field. I don't enjoy the parents yelling and getting all worked up. I hate the hot, depise the cold and God help me if it's raining.
It finally made sense when I got to the end of this short book, the author is an author /performer /artist…its the meandering mind wanderings of a lunatic!
The pensive fair maiden
Concerns relating to the confidentiality of the data have been addressed by the EU Commission and Rand: the data and identity of each participating company will be anonymized, stored on Rand's network, and inaccessible to third parties, such as the EU Commission and its services.
The protesters of Occupy Wall Street movement who have been camping out in Manhattan’s Financial District for more than two weeks, since Sept. 17, eat donated food and keep their laptops running with a portable gas-powered generator. They have a newspaper – the Occupied Wall Street Journal – and a makeshift hospital.
"Can't you find a smarter clerk to serve me?"
“My advice when shopping would be to think when you shop- where it comes from, how it got here, how much packaging does it have, what was used to produce it, and say ‘no’ to plastic bags”
You need to use ‘Big People ‘ words,’ she was always reminding them.She asked John what he had done over the weekend.
This song is very special to me. I had heard this song many times before, but we listened to it on our youth group January retreat when I was a junior in high school (I think) during one of our evening services. After the message that had been shared that night, when this song came on, I just sat down and started crying. God spoke to me so clearly that night. It truly was a beautiful moment. First, my youth pastor came over and talked and prayed with me. Then his wife did and finally her sister. :) I had an awesome group of people there to support me. So I always think of that night when I hear this song.
We've received two comments on our earlier post about the proposed new building on Columbia Street (see below). A clarification of the criticism of the original post is in order: nowhere is it indicated that the new building should be designed using a traditional or historic vocabulary. The Waterfront District is indeed a 'mixed bag' of styles (as are most New York neighborhoods, actually) and of course contemporary design can coexist successfully with historic buildings.
Using a free standing mixer with whisk attachment or a hand mixer, whisk the egg whites till frothy.
20. Verso Il Campanile (00:45)
However, my author has been wondering why there were not more entries… she says surely not everyone has been spending their entire summer holiday chained to a desk like the poor unicorn? Well, I could have told her! Obviously if someone has already read the book in order to give it a review, they might not want that exact same book as a prize... duh. So I’ve given her a prod with my sparkly horn, and she has agreed to extend the competition to make it a bit more appealing.
For purposes of this group, 20 CFR 656.5(b)(1) defines the term “science or art” as any field of knowledge and/or skill with respect to which colleges and universities commonly offer specialized courses leading to a degree in the knowledge and/or skill.
Bud Cockrell – Vocals, Bass
To all of my Brothers and Sisters in Law Enforcement, no matter if you are federal, municipal, customs and immigration, parks service, Marine Patrol or Coast Guard, work safe always, as our family grows smaller too quickly, and I don't want to hear your name being read out at next year's Roll Call of Rememberance, as each and everyone of you is special to me, YOU ARE MY FAMILY!!!!!
104. Drawings from my children.
confusion of a waking nightmare in which revelations of her past lead to a frantic crescendo.
Paul’s Final Greetings
The small size Sprout® watch is 80% Eco-friendly (by weight)
AT WILL by Leanna Renee Hieber
Our fighter wing TDY'd quite a bit, and of the places we'd go and visit and harass, Cannon AFB (New Mexico) and Mountain Home AFB (Idaho) were two favorites.
LG: Richie Incognito; Nate Garner; Ray Feinga
1. The total of unique users is more volatile
We have been a homeschooling family for about 5 years now and I can not begin to explain how wonderful this is for our family. I am so happy I never said oh I can't do that, I did say I have no idea how we are going to do this. There is a big difference there and it can be applied to anything in life. I don't think that the our family does things the "right" way, I think it works for us and when part of it stops working we change that part. We look for as many possibilities as we can find and start trying until we find something that works. That is my wish for other families instead of responding with an I could never how about a "Wow, I never thought to try that"!
There are no exceptions to this rule. Even a doting mom giving her son money when he is in college expects (hopes?) that her son will get decent grades.
We reconnected in 1998 when John again asked for Braille instruction because by this time he had lost so much vision that he could no longer read his print lecture notes. He learned the Braille code in record time and became one of my best students ever. And of course he did it in his own unique style. Board with the conventional adult curriculum John decided to complete his studies by reading a Tony Hellerman novel in Braille, and that is exactly what we did.
As promised, I'm back to introduce you to several of our Specialist Vendors participating in the Shabby Vintage Junk Extravaganza....While there are 16 of us, some of the team have been so busy working on the Treasures they're bringing to the Extravaganza they were unable to submit their profiles however, I'll include links to their businesses at the end of this post so you can go visit with them before the Show....!!
Now, because Rodriguez can no longer receive federal aid, she won’t be eligible for the part-time job she has on campus, which is paid through work study.
The rules for constructing such a conversation of caresses are the same as for constructing dialogue.
The premise that a book can address every issue in politics according to the Bible is rather bold. It comes along with a wave of thought that everything Christians involve themselves in somehow needs to be related to biblical principles. Grudem points out in his introduction that much of what he has to say cannot be supported biblically. “I am certainly not claiming that the Bible also supports all the facts I cite about the world today.” With this admission, Grudem explains three standards he used in forming his premises: Biblical certainty, broader principles, and an appeal to facts. In reality, what he does is substitute broader principles for his presuppositions and an appeal to facts as philosophical arguments. If it were a cake recipe, the philosophical notions would be the flour, his presuppositions would be the sugar, and the biblical principles would be the baking powder. Hardly the comprehensive book it is selling itself to be. Certainly this can’t be avoided, and I wouldn’t even attempt to write a book on politics suggesting that everything had Scriptural support, but the issue I take with this claim is Grudem’s response that he is not going to distinguish between these three. Instead, he leaves that up to the reader to determine if he is right. But what, then, is the purpose of a comprehensive work claiming biblical affirmation? This allows Grudem to present his views to a Christian audience without the strenuous effort of explaining his premises. He can make an emotionally charged case without Scriptural support and rest assured that he had warned his readers he would do so.
Listing our fortunes can help us heal faster, I think.
4 cups chicken broth
I am sharing with you a recycle sign I made out of all recycled, reused, or up-cycled items. I made the sign for a friend to friend to hang in her classroom. She also happens to be my son's science teacher and has all the kids recycling. She has recycling bins in her classroom and I thought it would be cute to hang by the bins.
See you all there.
- Aspartame is bad, no matter what anyone tells you
Guys -
Then, when the teacher started to tell us about singing with the karaoke machine he had brought - which he has been telling us about for a while so it's not like there wasn't warning, she butted in.
In all candor, when I wrote my last piece and included the quote from Roberts, I thought that the only way Bob could potentially counter this was to claim that the adjective “Roman” somehow represents some official mandate from the Catholic Church. But c’mon, I thought, one can’t chase after every ridiculous counter-argument. And yet here we are, faced with just that nonsensical reply. So shame on me, I guess, for not going with my “gut” and rebutting this foolishness earlier.
On a field where shepherds still bring their sheep
Sorry it's dark...
J: I’ll be traveling all of tomorrow and busy for the rest of today so give me a ilttle more time to get back to you on that.
"Mason crawled 4 steps" is what it said. How ironic is it that I am a stay at home mom but I miss out on one of his firsts.
Having thwarted the usurping of his band name in any form, Eldritch enlisted bassist Patricia Morrison, formerly of The Gun Club, and in 1987 released the second Sisters Of Mercy album, Floodland. Eldritch may have been difficult to work with, but he sure knew how to make great records! Floodland was a bit heavier than First And Last And Always, but was every bit as good - if not better. "This Corrosion" and "Lucretia My Reflection" found regular airplay on college radio and MTV, and were legitimate chart-toppers back home in the UK. "This Corrosion" remains the best track in The Sisters Of Mercy catalog; a searing rocker that crossed playlists from punk to metal to hard rock with an irresistible "hey now, hey now now" chorus that stays lodged in your brain for days. Brilliant.
water.In other words, he is longing for intimacy with God because his soul needs
This thing with Jeff just had me fretting. More than bothered. But not angry. Not quite frustrated but I couldn’t let it go either. I was just fretting over it and it was making me kinda nuts. And that’s been going on for about two months now.
7. Place in a frying pan over a medium heat and fry the chicken for about 5 mins. Turning once. Here is a pic of what mine looked like so far:
The PB version below...certainly the most accessible, is $349/chair. Um...ouch. I don't know if I'll be able to do much better going the vintage route but I have to try. I don't even need them all to match! I just need the same general shape and of course height.
It wasn't just the needles, however, it was his lack of gentle delivery when he saw an "issue with your uterus" that I may have wanted to "get checked out."
The stories have been told before, in two Philadelphia grand jury reports and in lawsuits filed around the country.
I can’t really see it for sure.
I was wrong...at least for now.
Fresh Guacamole
At one point, Fell says that, of the questions “who, how and why?” the most revealing, but usually by far the most puzzling, is why. I don’t mean merely the actual motive for the crime itself. I mean the why of certain other actions, eccentricities of behaviour, which centre round the performance of the crime....the why torments us even when we know, or think we know, the truth. Why did Mrs Thompson write those letters to Bywaters? Why did Mrs Maybrick soak the fly-papers in water? Why did Thomas Bartlett drink the chloroform? Why did Julia Wallace have an enemy in the world? Why did Herbert Bennett make a sexual attack on his own wife?” Good questions, but this is a book about an elaborate and improbable plot, rather than about criminal psychology.
Both of our boys love doing puzzles. For some reason we have stored our puzzles in our TV cabinet and not in the IKEA Expedit, with the rest of the toys. I think it is probably because it's something they like doing sitting on the carpet. As you can imagine though keeping 20 or so puzzles organised and tidy is a challenge AND has been done very poorly in our household to date.
When a child is born; he comes to this world alone. With time he learns to value those relationships and those people who mean a lot to him. I would say he learns to live together, he learns to smile together, he learns to dream together; in one line I would say, “He become a member of a team called family”.
wow. we are having quite a day .
In the latest incident, 36-year-old Christo Jansen van Rensburg from the Heilbron area was petrol bombed and set alight by attackers on Tuesday. He survived the attack, but sustained serious burn injuries. In another attack, Dave Foxon (43) was shot in cold blood in front of his pregnant wife and two children on a holiday farm outside Hazyview.
Hast gazed on the light,
9.) "Indeed, people speak sometimes about the 'animal' cruelty of man, but that is terribly unjust and offensive to animals, no animal could ever be so cruel as a man, so artfully, artistically cruel." From The Brothers Karamazov by Fyodor Dostoevsky
When we try to pick out anything by itself, we find it hitched to everything else in the universe. – John Muir
How did I get this lucky? I'm really not sure. I guess it's because we were meant for each other and we held out for each other instead of settling for relationships that may have been convenient at the time. I also know for a fact that God had HUGE role in guiding my life towards Eric. Thank you, Jesus!!
8. Adult Books- X
in sleep, and sink in good oblivion,
All in all, a great theme to play with.
At a meeting with students last November, Hultin was asked if there’s a dollar amount that would stop the deal. He said, “A gift of $300-$400 million would turn our heads. We could build a national brand with that money.”
Behold the brilliance of ksufans.com video artist chum, who was previously the subject of a BearBacker Voices Summer Lecture Series Interview. His complete body of work can be found here. Recently, chum agreed to create a video for these here BearMeats; he did not disappoint. He has turned Baylor, Waco and BearMeat into a beautiful work of art. When I first saw this I removed my boots, because I knew I was standing in the presence of God. After you watch this, you may think that our blog has nothing more to say because of the sheer completeness of this video. It is the most BearMeat creation we have ever witnessed and the Editorial Board had nothing to do with it. Basically, we have been out-BearMeated. Wow. May God have mercy on our souls. It's been a fun run. Pro Ecclesia, Pro Texana! Sic 'em, Bears!
'Please, Miss? Were there TREES in ancient Rome?'
Marvin the Jester really wanted some of my Lambic
Why wait? Let the preparation begin in my heart. May each of the 40 days ahead be a celebration of the gifts God gives to us every day....Joy. Peace. Hope. Love. Life. Abundant Life...to name a few.
out of my mouth? Can I even form them? Who knows!
in a row!
“I really should go… I need to get back to my apartment and gather up my things” he heads towards the door, but then suddenly turns around and looks at her.
To be perfectly honest, at $59 per person + drinks, I have never been there before as I think for a person who can only eat a maximum of 2 platefuls pretty much can’t get their monies worth. BUT, as soon as I started on the food, I wondered why hubby and I have never even tried it. There were tons of variety to choose from – seafood, peking duck, yum cha style (dumplings, siomai etc), sushi, sashimi – just to name a few! Oh plus tons of desserts (my weakness!)!!! I was in heaven!
as the trees grow
Secondly, Tampax makes it sound like music is a man’s world, female artists suck more, and current female (aspiring) artists should be as male as possible–hiding menstruation–in order to make the cut. Not true, not awesome.
So, on the recommendation of a 10+ year MS “sufferer”, I have called to arrange for my 1-week in-home trial of The Chi Machine. The description that follows is from Lighten Up Wellness, a local holistic and alternative health store here in Fort Wayne.
It is our hope the reader comes to understand the central part karma and reincarnation plays in the process of spiritual evolution. The soul takes approximately 800 lifetimes to reach maturity. In that time, we experience the joys and sorrows, the triumphs and tragedies of earth life. This builds character, making us rich and well-rounded. In addition, the book attempts to cover the board range of karma from personal to national and
salt and sand in that bed
Anyway, Ra is what I consider to be "Vegas style" which is where the food is really trendy, there isn't a lot of traditional sushi on the menu, all of the staff is hawt twentysomethings and there is always loud music playing.
You better say your prayers when you stand,
Tom once showed her how to stroke a young Tiger, flipped on its back, allowing it to slip into a dreamlike state called tonic immobility–like in a dream world where the lion might lie down with the lamb. It did not flinch when she stroked it. Almost purred like a cat.
There was a lot to take in, and some of it I can use at my first party (which has now been moved, so my first solo show is on 7th July), which was helpful. I'm not sure how many meetings I'll make, as they're held in Bognor and I wouldn't get home until nearly midnight and I have to be up at 6am to work. Still, I can but try.
Westminster Abbey is nothing short of stunning (no pics as you aren't allowed to take photos inside). There are some big names buried in that place as well as some big names who walked the aisle there on their wedding day. Westminster while huge and beautiful, doesn't seem to be trying as hard to show off as I felt St Paul's did. Despite the fact that its just accepted, I'm not sure I'm ever going to get used to walking over the resting places of people as you walk around inside these places, there's just something that doesn't sit right with me in doing this, but in order to get around you just cant help it.
Only government can afford to completely shut down to instal new computers. Any real business not covered with extorted money would be bankrupted by such a halt, but not the government.
Before you finally go ahead and have children, find a couple who already are parents and berate them about their...
DH: “So let me get this straight. Most, if not all of your audience is, in point of fact, as it were, one could say, deaf?”
In particular, he highlights how often women become "unhappy" because they expect men to meet all of their needs. In one recent post, he was commenting on a study of marriages where women felt this way. He quotes the research:
3. Dancers who responded said they felt these particular partners put their partner's comfort, well-being and happiness before their own. It wasn't just about being well connected, but about feeling valued, important - and feeling treasured - as followers and leaders. Twelve readers used
“During the past five years, the consortium universities have developed stem cell research and teaching programs, and this is a wonderful time for the campuses to collaborate and take advantage of our complementary expertise in stem cell biology and to share our technical expertise in this research area,” said Prue Talbot, the director of the UC Riverside Stem Cell Center. “With this consortium, we now have more labs for outreach participation. We think that communication with citizens of the Inland Empire is important and that they need access to accurate information on stem cell biology.”
“You’re married?” He took a step back. “I didn’t know.” He looked betrayed. “I . . . “ He took another step back. The ice in the tea clanked, as he bumped the table. “I didn’t know.” Then he left as quickly as he came.
To be honest, I am so sad to pick out just 6 people to pass the awards. I really don't want to miss anyone as I absolutely enjoy reading each and every one of your blog! So I am sorry to have missed some of you!
The visual effects are brilliant, even though in some parts they seem over done, but you tend to overlook them based on the magnitude of the overall canvas. The dialogues are witty and chemistry between each character is amazing.
